Cats have 32 muscles that control the outer ear (compared to humans 6 muscles each). A cat can rotate its ears independently 180 degrees, and can turn in the direction of sound 10 times faster than those of the best watchdog.
Unlike most other cats, the Turkish Van breed has a water-resistant coat and enjoys being in water.
Landing on all fours is something typical to cats thanks to the help of their eyes and special balance organs in their inner ear. These tools help them straighten themselves in the air and land upright on the ground..
The cat who holds the record for the longest non-fatal fall is Andy. He fell from the 16th floor of an apartment building (about 200 ft/.06 km) and survived.
In multi-pet households, cats are able to get along especially well with dogs if theyre introduced when the cat is under 6 months old and the dog is under one year old.
A cats hearing is better than a dogs. And a cat can hear high-frequency sounds up to two octaves higher than a human.
Purring does not always indicate that a cat is happy. Cats will also purr loudly when they are distressed or in pain.
A cats heart beats nearly twice as fast as a human heart.
The cats tail is used to maintain balance.
A female cat is also known to be called a queen or a molly.
Some cats have survived falls of over 20 meters.
The average cat can jump 8 feet in a single bound, nearly six times its body length!
A cat called Dusty has the known record for the most kittens. She had more than 420 kittens in her lifetime.
One reason that kittens sleep so much is because a growth hormone is released only during sleep.
Cats and kittens should be acquired in pairs whenever possible as cat families interact best in pairs.
Like birds, cats have a homing ability that uses its biological clock, the angle of the sun, and the Earths magnetic field. A cat taken far from its home can return to it. But if a cats owners move far from its home, the cat cant find them.
Perhaps the oldest cat breed on record is the Egyptian Mau, which is also the Egyptian languages word for cat.
A cats heart beats almost double the rate of a human heart, from 110 to 140 beats per minute.
A steady diet of dog food may cause blindness in your cat - it lacks taurine.
A cat can jump up to five times its own height in a single bound.
A cats jaw has only up and down motion; it does not have any lateral, side to side motion, like dogs and humans.
Approximately 40,000 people are bitten by cats in the U.S..
The little tufts of hair in a cats ear that help keep out dirt direct sounds into the ear, and insulate the ears are called “ear furnishings.”
A cats jaw cant move sideways, so a cat cant chew large chunks of food.
The earliest ancestor of the modern cat lived about 30 million years ago.
The most expensive cat was an Asian Leopard cat (ALC)-Domestic Shorthair (DSH) hybrid named Zeus. Zeus, who is 90% ALC and 10% DSH, has an asking price of £100,000 ($154,000).
Cats have over 100 sounds in their vocal repertoire, while dogs only have 10.
Cats have about 130,000 hairs per square inch (20,155 hairs per square centimeter).
The color of York Chocolates becomes richer with age. Kittens are born with a lighter coat than the adults.
While many cats enjoy milk, it will give some cats diarrhea.
While many parts of Europe and North America consider the black cat a sign of bad luck, in Britain and Australia, black cats are considered lucky.
Some cats can survive falls from as high up as 65 feet or more.
Cats can pick up on your tone of voice, so sweet-talking to your cat has more of an impact than you think.
Cats have 30 vertebrae (humans have 33 vertebrae during early development; 26 after the sacral and coccygeal regions fuse)
If you killed a cat in the ages of Pharaoh, you couldve been put to death.
Most cats adore sardines.
A domestic cat can run at speeds of 30 mph.
The silks created by weavers in Baghdad were inspired by the beautiful and varied colors and markings of cat coats. These fabrics were called tabby by European traders.
All cats have three sets of long hairs that are sensitive to pressure - whiskers, eyebrows,and the hairs between their paw pads.
Your cats heart beats at a rate almost double that of yours, from 110-140 beats per minute.
On average, a cat will sleep for 16 hours a day.
Ancient Egyptian family members shaved their eyebrows in mourning when the family cat died.
Polydactyl cats (a cat with 1-2 extra toes on their paws) have this as a result of a genetic mutation. These cats are also referred to as Hemingway cats because writer Ernest Hemingway reportedly owned dozens of them at his home in Key West, Florida.
Cats prefer their food at room temperature—not too hot, not too cold.
Ragdoll cats live up to their name: they will literally go limp, with relaxed muscles, when lifted by a human.
Cats can jump up to 7 times their tail length.
The richest cat is Blackie who was left £15 million by his owner, Ben Rea.
Cats prefer to remain non-confrontational. They will not fight to show dominance, but rather to stake their territory. Cats will actually go to extremes to avoid one another in order to prevent a possible confrontation.
Cats hate the water because their fur does not insulate well when its wet.
According to the Association for Pet Obesity Prevention (APOP), about 50 million of our cats are overweight.
Approximately 1/3 of cat owners think their pets are able to read their minds.
Webbed feet on a cat? The Peterbalds got em! They make it easy for the cat to get a good grip on things with skill.
The cheetah is the worlds fastest land mammal. It can run at speeds of up to 70 miles an hour (113 kilometers an hour).
The smallest wildcat today is the Black-footed cat.
In just 7 years, one un-spayed female cat and one un-neutered male cat and their offspring can result in 420,000 kittens.
Cats step with both left legs, then both right legs when they walk or run.
A third of cats time spent awake is usually spent cleaning themselves.
The biggest wildcat today is the Siberian Tiger. It can be more than 12 feet (3.6 m) long (about the size of a small car) and weigh up to 700 pounds (317 kg).
Mohammed loved cats and reportedly his favorite cat, Muezza, was a tabby. Legend says that tabby cats have an “M” for Mohammed on top of their heads because Mohammad would often rest his hand on the cats head.
A Selkirk slowly loses its naturally-born curly coat, but it grows again when the cat is around 8 months.
Most cats give birth to a litter of between one and nine kittens.
There are approximately 60,000 hairs per square inch on the back of a cat and about 120,000 per square inch on its underside.
In multi-cat households, cats of the opposite sex usually get along better.
The Maine Coone is the only native American long haired breed.
Rather than nine months, cats pregnancies last about nine weeks.
Cats lose almost as much fluid in the saliva while grooming themselves as they do through urination.
When a domestic cat goes after mice, about 1 pounce in 3 results in a catch.
Cats can predict earthquakes. We humans are not 100% sure how they do it. There are several different theories.
Cats are subject to gum disease and to dental caries. They should have their teeth cleaned by the vet or the cat dentist once a year.
Unlike dogs, cats do not have a sweet tooth.
Cat families usually play best in even numbers. Cats and kittens should be acquired in pairs whenever possible.
Since cats are so good at hiding illness, even a single instance of a symptom should be taken very seriously.
Cats have individual preferences for scratching surfaces and angles. Some are horizontal scratchers while others exercise their claws vertically.
Cats would rather starve themselves than eat something they dont like. This means they will refuse an unpalatable -- but nutritionally complete -- food for a prolonged period.
Cats use their whiskers to measure openings, indicate mood and general navigation.
Smuggling a cat out of ancient Egypt was punishable by death.
According to a Gallup poll, most American pet owners obtain their cats by adopting strays.
Cats have 32 muscles that control the outer ear (humans have only 6). A cat can independently rotate its ears 180 degrees.
The largest cat breed is the Ragdoll. Male Ragdolls weigh between 12 and 20 lbs (5.4-9.0 k). Females weigh between 10 and 15 lbs (4.5-6.8 k).
Cats have a 5 toes on their front paws and 4 on each back paw.
When a family cat died in ancient Egypt, family members would mourn by shaving off their eyebrows.
70% of your cats life is spent asleep.
Many cat owners think their cats can read their minds.
The Ancient Egyptian word for cat was mau, which means \to see\.
The smallest pedigreed cat is a Singapura, which can weigh just 4 lbs (1.8 kg), or about five large cans of cat food. The largest pedigreed cats are Maine Coon cats, which can weigh 25 lbs (11.3 kg), or nearly twice as much as an average cat weighs.
In Hollands embassy in Moscow, Russia, the staff noticed that the two Siamese cats kept meowing and clawing at the walls of the building. Their owners finally investigated, thinking they would find mice. Instead, they discovered microphones hidden by Russian spies. The cats heard the microphones when they turned on.
A cats eyesight is both better and worse than humans.
Many Egyptians worshipped the goddess Bast, who had a womans body and a cats head.
Genetically, cats brains are more similar to that of a human than a dogs brain.
During the Middle Ages, cats were associated with withcraft, and on St. Johns Day, people all over Europe would stuff them into sacks and toss the cats into bonfires. On holy days, people celebrated by tossing cats from church towers.
A cat can reach up to five times its own height per jump.
Cat bites are more likely to become infected than dog bites.
Grown cats have 30 teeth.
The smallest pedigreed cat is a Singapura, which can weigh just 4 lbs.
Cats respond better to women than to men, probably due to the fact that womens voices have a higher pitch.
About 37% of American homes today have at least 1 cat.
On average, cats spend 2/3 of every day sleeping. That means a nine-year-old cat has been awake for only three years of its life.
It has been said that the Ukrainian Levkoy has the appearance of a dog, due to the angles of its face.
The largest cat breed by mean weight is the Savannah, at 10kg.
Cats do not think that they are little people. They think that we are big cats. This influences their behavior in many ways.
The first cat show was organized in 1871 in London. Cat shows later became a worldwide craze.
Approximately 24 cat skins can make a coat.
Both humans and cats have identical regions in the brain responsible for emotion.
A cat has 230 bones in its body. A human has 206. A cat has no collarbone, so it can fit through any opening the size of its head.
The most traveled cat is Hamlet, who escaped from his carrier while on a flight. He hid for seven weeks behind a panel on the airplane. By the time he was discovered, he had traveled nearly 373,000 miles (600,000 km).
If your cats eyes are closed, its not necessarily because its tired. A sign of closed eyes means your cat is happy or pleased.
In one stride, a cheetah can cover 23 to 26 feet (7 to 8 meters).
A kitten will typically weigh about 3 ounces at birth.  The typical male housecat will weigh between  7 and 9 pounds, slightly less for female housecats.
A cats hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Elvis Presleys Chinese name is Mao Wong, or Cat King.
The name \jaguar\ comes from a Native American word meaning \he who kills with one leap\.
The cats front paw has 5 toes, but the back paws have 4. Some cats are born with as many as 7 front toes and extra back toes (polydactl).
Cats control the outer ear using 32 muscles; humans use 6
A cat almost never meows at another cat, mostly just humans. Cats typically will spit, purr, and hiss at other cats.
Cats have 30 teeth (12 incisors, 10 premolars, 4 canines, and 4 molars), while dogs have 42. Kittens have baby teeth, which are replaced by permanent teeth around the age of 7 months.
The claws on the cats back paws arent as sharp as the claws on the front paws because the claws in the back dont retract and, consequently, become worn.
The Amur leopard is one of the most endangered animals in the world.
During the Middle Ages, cats were associated with witchcraft.
A group of cats is called a “clowder.”
According to Hebrew legend, Noah prayed to God for help protecting all the food he stored on the ark from being eaten by rats. In reply, God made the lion sneeze, and out popped a cat.
Cats have 24 more bones than humans.
Teeth of cats are sharper when theyre kittens. After six months, they lose their needle-sharp milk teeth.
A cats nose is as unique as a humans fingerprint.
Researchers are unsure exactly how a cat purrs. Most veterinarians believe that a cat purrs by vibrating vocal folds deep in the throat. To do this, a muscle in the larynx opens and closes the air passage about 25 times per second.
Most kittens are born with blue eyes, which then turn color with age.
Bobtails are known to have notably short tails -- about half or a third the size of the average cat.
The biggest wildcat today is the Siberian Tiger.
A cats hearing is better than a dogs.
The two outer layers of a cats hair are called, respectively, the guard hair and the awn hair.
A cat has the ability to rotate their ears 180 degrees,with the help of 32 muscles that they use to control them.
Because of widespread cat smuggling in ancient Egypt, the exportation of cats was a crime punishable by death.
A cat can jump 5 times as high as it is tall.
Owning a cat is actually proven to be beneficial for your health.
The heaviest cat on record is Himmy, a Tabby from Queensland, Australia. He weighed nearly 47 pounds (21 kg). He died at the age of 10.
The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
A cat will tremble or shiver when it is in extreme pain.
Call them wide-eyes: cats are the mammals with the largest eyes.
The first cartoon cat was Felix the Cat in 1919. In 1940, Tom and Jerry starred in the first theatrical cartoon “Puss Gets the Boot.” In 1981 Andrew Lloyd Weber created the musical Cats, based on T.S. Eliots Old Possums Book of Practical Cats.
Cats make about 100 different sounds.
Researchers believe the word “tabby” comes from Attabiyah, a neighborhood in Baghdad, Iraq. Tabbies got their name because their striped coats resembled the famous wavy patterns in the silk produced in this city.
Collectively, kittens yawn about 200 million time per hour.
Cats purr at the same frequency as an idling diesel engine, about 26 cycles per second.
Cats hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Twenty-five percent of cat owners use a blow drier on their cats after bathing.
Sometimes called the Canadian Hairless, the Sphynx is the first cat breed that has lasted this long—the breed has been around since 1966.
The oldest cat to give birth was Kitty who, at the age of 30, gave birth to two kittens. During her life, she gave birth to 218 kittens.
There is a species of cat smaller than the average housecat. It is native to Africa and it is the Black-footed cat (Felis nigripes). Its top weight is 5.5 pounds.
Cats have about 20,155 hairs per square centimeter.
Kittens who are taken along on short, trouble-free car trips to town tend to make good passengers when they get older. They get used to the sounds and motions of traveling and make less connection between the car and the visits to the vet.
Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
The technical term for a cats hairball is a “bezoar.”
The longest living cat on record according to the Guinness Book belongs to the late Creme Puff of Austin, Texas who lived to the ripe old age of 38 years and 3 days!
When a cat chases its prey, it keeps its head level.
The first official cat show in the UK was organised at Crystal Palace in 1871.
Cats can be taught to walk on a leash, but a lot of time and patience is required to teach them. The younger the cat is, the easier it will be for them to learn.
Cat families usually play best in even numbers. Cats and kittens should be aquired in pairs whenever possible.
There are more than 500 million domestic cats in the world.
Cats are the most popular pet in North American Cats are North Americas most popular pets.
A cat has more bones than a human; humans have 206, but the cat has 230 (some cites list 245 bones, and state that bones may fuse together as the cat ages).
A fingerprint is to a human as a nose is to a cat.
The Maine Coon is 4 to 5 times larger than the Singapura, the smallest breed of cat.
In Japan, cats are thought to have the power to turn into super spirits when they die. This may be because according to the Buddhist religion, the body of the cat is the temporary resting place of very spiritual people.i
The average cat food meal is the equivalent to about five mice.
The life expectancy of cats has nearly doubled since 1930 - from 8 to 16 years.
In contrast to dogs, cats have not undergone major changes during their domestication process.
Mohammed loved cats and reportedly his favorite cat, Muezza, was a tabby.
Maine Coons are the most massive breed of house cats. They can weigh up to around 24 pounds.
In 1987, cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America (about 50 million cats resided in 24 million homes in 1986). About 37% of American homes today have at least one cat.
When a household cat died in ancient Egypt, its owners showed their grief by shaving their eyebrows.
Cats must have fat in their diet because they cant produce it on their own.
During the time of the Spanish Inquisition, Pope Innocent VIII condemned cats as evil and thousands of cats were burned. Unfortunately, the widespread killing of cats led to an explosion of the rat population, which exacerbated the effects of the Black Death.
Cats hearing stops at 65 khz (kilohertz); humans hearing stops at 20 khz.
Most cats will eat 7 to 20 small meals a day. This interesting fact is brought to you by Natures Recipe®.
When a cats rubs up against you, the cat is marking you with its scent claiming ownership.
The technical term for a cats hairball is a bezoar.
A female cat can be referred to as a molly or a queen, and a male cat is often labeled as a tom.
Cats lived with soldiers in trenches, where they killed mice during World War I.
A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Jaguars are the only big cats that dont roar.
Around the world, cats take a break to nap —a catnap— 425 million times a day.
Mountain lions are strong jumpers, thanks to muscular hind legs that are longer than their front legs.
Blue-eyed, pure white cats are frequently deaf.
A cat almost never meows at another cat, mostly just humans.
Abraham Lincoln loved cats. He had four of them while he lived in the White House.
A tigers stripes are like fingerprints
Researchers are unsure exactly how a cat purrs.
The average lifespan of an outdoor-only cat is about 3 to 5 years while an indoor-only cat can live 16 years or much longer.
Cats who eat too much tuna can become addicted, which can actually cause a Vitamin E deficiency.
The first cat in space was a French cat named Felicette (a.k.a. “Astrocat”) In 1963, France blasted the cat into outer space. Electrodes implanted in her brains sent neurological signals back to Earth. She survived the trip.
A cat has more bones than a human being; humans have 206 and the cat has 230 bones.
British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
It has been scientifically proven that owning cats is good for our health and can decrease the occurrence of high blood pressure and other illnesses.
If a cat is frightened, the hair stands up fairly evenly all over the body; when the cat is threatened or is ready to attack, the hair stands up only in a narrow band along the spine and tail.
According to the Guinness World Records, the largest domestic cat litter totaled at 19 kittens, four of them stillborn.
Cats, especially older cats, do get cancer. Many times this disease can be treated successfully.
Cats make about 100 different sounds. Dogs make only about 10.
Statistics indicate that animal lovers in recent years have shown a preference for cats over dogs!
Cats sleep 16 hours of any given day.
Isaac Newton invented the cat flap. Newton was experimenting in a pitch-black room. Spithead, one of his cats, kept opening the door and wrecking his experiment. The cat flap kept both Newton and Spithead happy.
All cats have claws, and all except the cheetah sheath them when at rest.
A cats jaw cant move sideways, so a cat cant chew large chunks of food.
The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.
A 2007 Gallup poll revealed that both men and women were equally likely to own a cat.
Retractable claws are a physical phenomenon that sets cats apart from the rest of the animal kingdom. I n the cat family, only cheetahs cannot retract their claws.
Caution during Christmas: poinsettias may be festive, but theyre poisonous to cats.
Cats can judge within 3 inches the precise location of a sound being made 1 yard away.
Like humans, cats tend to favor one paw over another
When your cats rubs up against you, she is actually marking you as hers with her scent. If your cat pushes his face against your head, it is a sign of acceptance and affection.
A cat cannot see directly under its nose.
A commemorative tower was built in Scotland for a cat named Towser, who caught nearly 30,000 mice in her lifetime.
The Egyptian Mau is probably the oldest breed of cat. In fact, the breed is so ancient that its name is the Egyptian word for “cat.”
The worlds most fertile cat, whose name was Dusty, gave birth to 420 kittens in her lifetime.
Cats are the worlds most popular pets, outnumbering dogs by as many as three to one
Female cats tend to be right pawed, while male cats are more often left pawed. Interestingly, while 90% of humans are right handed, the remaining 10% of lefties also tend to be male.
A cat cant climb head first down a tree because every claw on a cats paw points the same way. To get down from a tree, a cat must back down.
A cats smell is their strongest sense, and they rely on this leading sense to identify people and objects; a felines sense of smell is 14x better than a humans.
Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Cats spend nearly 1/3 of their waking hours cleaning themselves.
Cats eat grass to aid their digestion and to help them get rid of any fur in their stomachs.
An adult lions roar can be heard up to five miles (eight kilometers) away.
The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
The domestic cat is the only species able to hold its tail vertically while walking. You can also learn about your cats present state of mind by observing the posture of his tail.
Black cats arent an omen of ill fortune in all cultures. In the UK and Australia, spotting a black cat is good luck.
Cats dislike citrus scent.
Female cats are polyestrous
A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.
Each side of a cats face has about 12 whiskers.
Every year, nearly four million cats are eaten in Asia.
Miacis, the primitive ancestor of cats, was a small, tree-living creature of the late Eocene period, some 45 to 50 million years ago.
Some Siamese cats appear cross-eyed because the nerves from the left side of the brain go to mostly the right eye and the nerves from the right side of the brain go mostly to the left eye. This causes some double vision, which the cat tries to correct by “crossing” its eyes.
The cat appears to be the only domestic companion animal not mentioned in the Bible.
Lions are the only cats that live in groups, called prides. Every female within the pride is usually related.
Not every cat gets \\high\\\ from catnip. Whether or not a cat responds to it depends upon a recessive gene: no gene\
A cats whiskers are thought to be a kind of radar, which helps a cat gauge the space it intends to walk through.
The ancestor of all domestic cats is the African Wild Cat which still exists today.
The Maine Coon is appropriately the official State cat of its namesake state.
Some common houseplants poisonous to cats include: English Ivy, iris, mistletoe, philodendron, and yew.
Cats CAN be lefties and righties, just like us. More than forty percent of them are, leaving some ambidextrous.
Heat occurs several times a year and can last anywhere from 3 to 15 days.
In one litter of kittens, there could be multiple father cats.
A cats appetite is the barometer of its health. Any cat that does not eat or drink for more than two days should be taken to a vet.
The normal body temperature of a cat is between 100.5 ° and 102.5 °F. A cat is sick if its temperature goes below 100 ° or above 103 °F.
In Japan, cats are thought to have the power to turn into super spirits when they die.
Cats come back to full alertness from the sleep state faster than any other creature.
Cats have supersonic hearing
The first commercially cloned pet was a cat named \Little Nicky.\ He cost his owner $50,000, making him one of the most expensive cats ever.
Cats have the cognitive ability to sense a humans feelings and overall mood.
The most popular pedigreed cat is the Persian cat, followed by the Main Coon cat and the Siamese cat.
A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
Cats can be right-pawed or left-pawed.
Sir Isaac Newton, among his many achievements, invented the cat flap door.
Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to cats.
Phoenician cargo ships are thought to have brought the first domesticated cats to Europe in about 900 BC.
Cats respond most readily to names that end in an \\ee\\\ sound.\\\
The first formal cat show was held in England in 1871; in America, in 1895.
In homes with more than one cat, it is best to have cats of the opposite sex. They tend to be better housemates..
A cat has approximately 60 to 80 million olfactory cells (a human has between 5 and 20 million).
The worlds rarest coffee, Kopi Luwak, comes from Indonesia where a wildcat known as the luwak lives. The cat eats coffee berries and the coffee beans inside pass through the stomach. The beans are harvested from the cats dung heaps and then cleaned and roasted. Kopi Luwak sells for about $500 for a 450 g (1 lb) bag.
Cats back claws arent as sharp as the claws on their front paws.
The term “puss” is the root of the principal word for “cat” in the Romanian term pisica and the root of secondary words in Lithuanian (puz) and Low German puus. Some scholars suggest that “puss” could be imitative of the hissing sound used to get a cats attention. As a slang word for the female pudenda, it could be associated with the connotation of a cat being soft, warm, and fuzzy.
Cats that live together sometimes rub each others heads to show that they have no intention of fighting. Young cats do this more often, especially when they are excited.
There are approximately 100 breeds of cat.
Relative to its body size, the clouded leopard has the biggest canines of all animals canines. Its dagger-like teeth can be as long as 1.8 inches (4.5 cm).
Cats dont have sweat glands over their bodies like humans do. Instead, they sweat only through their paws.
A cat rubs against people not only to be affectionate but also to mark out its territory with scent glands around its face. The tail area and paws also carry the cats scent.
In ancient Egypt, mummies were made of cats, and embalmed mice were placed with them in their tombs. In one ancient city, over 300,000 cat mummies were found.
Contrary to popular belief, the cat is a social animal. A pet cat will respond and answer to speech , and seems to enjoy human companionship.
If they have ample water, cats can tolerate temperatures up to 133 °F.
In North America, cats are a more popular pet than dogs. Nearly 73 million cats and 63 million dogs are kept as household pets.
Milk can give some cats diarrhea.
Although it is known to be the tailless cat, the Manx can be born with a stub or a short tail.
Cats have the largest eyes of any mammal.
Most cats dont have eyelashes.
Julius Ceasar, Henri II, Charles XI, and Napoleon were all afraid of cats.
A cats field of vision is about 200 degrees.
A form of AIDS exists in cats.
Foods that should not be given to cats include onions, garlic, green tomatoes, raw potatoes, chocolate, grapes, and raisins. Though milk is not toxic, it can cause an upset stomach and gas. Tylenol and aspirin are extremely toxic to cats, as are many common houseplants. Feeding cats dog food or canned tuna thats for human consumption can cause malnutrition.
Unlike humans, cats are usually lefties. Studies indicate that their left paw is typically their dominant paw.
Female felines are \\superfecund
Cats only use their meows to talk to humans, not each other. The only time they meow to communicate with other felines is when they are kittens to signal to their mother.
Some cats have survived falls of over 65 feet (20 meters), due largely to their “righting reflex.” The eyes and balance organs in the inner ear tell it where it is in space so the cat can land on its feet. Even cats without a tail have this ability.
A Japanese cat figurine called Maneki-Neko is believed to bring good luck.
One of Muhammads companions was nicknamed Abu Hurairah, or Father of the Kitten, because he loved cats.
Among many other diseases, cats can suffer from anorexia, senility, feline AIDS and acne.
A cats brain is biologically more similar to a human brain than it is to a dogs. Both humans and cats have identical regions in their brains that are responsible for emotions.
Perhaps the most famous comic cat is the Cheshire Cat in Lewis Carrolls Alice in Wonderland. With the ability to disappear, this mysterious character embodies the magic and sorcery historically associated with cats.
A cat sees about 6 times better than a human at night, and needs 1/6 the amount of of light that a human does - it has a layer of extra reflecting cells which absorb light.
A cat can sprint at about thirty-one miles per hour.
In relation to their body size, cats have the largest eyes of any mammal.
Blue-eyed cats have a high tendency to be deaf, but not all cats with blue eyes are deaf.
 A cat only has the ability to move their jaw up and down, not side to side like a human can.
While it is commonly thought that the ancient Egyptians were the first to domesticate cats, the oldest known pet cat was recently found in a 9,500-year-old grave on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus. This grave predates early Egyptian art depicting cats by 4,000 years or more.
The lightest cat on record is a blue point Himalayan called Tinker Toy, who weighed 1 pound, 6 ounces (616 g). Tinker Toy was 2.75 inches (7 cm) tall and 7.5 inches (19 cm) long.
In 1888, more than 300,000 mummified cats were found an Egyptian cemetery. They were stripped of their wrappings and carted off to be used by farmers in England and the U.S. for fertilizer.
A cat can travel at a top speed of approximately 31 mph (49 km) over a short distance.
In the 1930s, two Russian biologists discovered that color change in Siamese kittens depend on their body temperature. Siamese cats carry albino genes that work only when the body temperature is above 98° F. If these kittens are left in a very warm room, their points wont darken and they will stay a creamy white.
Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.
Blue-eyed, white cats are often prone to deafness.
Long, muscular hind legs enable snow leopards to leap seven times their own body length in a single bound.
The ability of a cat to find its way home is called “psi-traveling.” Experts think cats either use the angle of the sunlight to find their way or that cats have magnetized cells in their brains that act as compasses.
Sir Isaac Newton is credited with creating the concept for the pet door that many cats use today to travel outdoors.
Neutering a male cat will, in almost all cases, stop him from spraying (territorial marking), fighting with other males (at least over females), as well as lengthen his life and improve its quality.
In Siam, the cat was so revered that one rode in a chariot at the head of a parade celebrating the new king.
A cats field of vision is about 185 degrees.
A cats field of vision does not cover the area right under its nose.
Ginger tabby cats can have freckles around their mouths and on their eyelids!
The cat who holds the record for the longest non-fatal fall is Andy.
Cats hate the water because their fur does not insulate well when its wet. The Turkish Van, however, is one cat that likes swimming. Bred in central Asia, its coat has a unique texture that makes it water resistant.
Cats walk on their toes.
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day. When cats are asleep, they are still alert to incoming stimuli. If you poke the tail of a sleeping cat, it will respond accordingly.
Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
In ancient Egypt, when a family cat died, all family members would shave their eyebrows as a sign of mourning.
Cats have 300 million neurons; dogs have about 160 million
People who are allergic to cats are actually allergic to cat saliva or to cat dander. If the resident cat is bathed regularly the allergic people tolerate it better.
Cats urine glows under a black light.
Ailurophile is the word cat lovers are officially called.
A cats meow is usually not directed at another cat, but at a human. To communicate with other cats, they will usually hiss, purr and spit..
A cats back is extremely flexible because it has up to 53 loosely fitting vertebrae.
In 1888, more than 300,000 mummified cats were found an Egyptian cemetery.
Most cats had short hair until about 100 years ago, when it became fashionable to own cats and experiment with breeding.
The first cat show was organized in 1871 in London.
Cats actually have dreams, just like us. They start dreaming when they reach a week old.
Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
Cats eyes shine in the dark because of the tapetum, a reflective layer in the eye, which acts like a mirror.
When a cat drinks, its tongue - which has tiny barbs on it - scoops the liquid up backwards.
After humans, mountain lions have the largest range of any mammal in the Western Hemisphere.
Grown cats have 30 teeth. Kittens have about 26 temporary teeth, which they lose when they are about 6 months old.
In Ancient Egypt, when a persons house cat passed away, the owner would shave their eyebrows to reflect their grief.
Siamese kittens are born white because of the heat inside the mothers uterus before birth. This heat keeps the kittens hair from darkening on the points.
The life expectancy of cats has nearly doubled over the last fifty years.
Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
A sexually-active feral tom-cat \\owns\\\ an area of about three square miles and \\\\sprays\\\\ to mark his territory with strong smelling urine.\\\
Cats should not be fed tuna exclusively, as it lacks taurine, an essential nutrient required for good feline health.  Make sure you have the proper Pet supplies to keep your cat happy and healthy.
Cats came to the Americas from Europe as pest controllers in the 1750s.
It is estimated that cats can make over 60 different sounds.
Cats, just like people, are subject to asthma. Dust, smoke, and other forms of air pullution in your cats environment can be troublesome sources of irritation.
If your cat snores, or rolls over on his back to expose his belly, it means he trusts you.
Cats often overract to unexpected stimuli because of their extremely sensitive nervous system.
Foods that should not be given to cats include onions, garlic, green tomatoes, raw potatoes, chocolate, grapes, and raisins.
A group of kittens is called a kindle, and clowder is a term that refers to a group of adult cats.
A cat cannot climb head first down a tree because its claws are curved the wrong way.
In the original Italian version of Cinderella, the benevolent fairy godmother figure was a cat.
The group of words associated with cat (catt, cath, chat, katze) stem from the Latin catus, meaning domestic cat, as opposed to feles, or wild cat.
Cats have 3 eyelids.
The average lifespan of an outdoor-only (feral and non-feral) is about 3 years; an indoor-only cat can live 16 years and longer. Some cats have been documented to have a longevity of 34 years.
Unlike humans, cats do not need to blink their eyes on a regular basis to keep their eyes lubricated.
The tiniest cat on record is Mr. Pebbles, a 2-year-old cat that weighed 3 lbs (1.3 k) and was 6.1 inches (15.5 cm) high.
Ancient Egyptians first adored cats for their finesse in killing rodents—as far back as 4,000 years ago.
Many Egyptians worshipped the goddess Bast, who had a womans body and a cats head.
Unlike other cats, lions have a tuft of hair at the end of their tails.
Unlike dogs, cats do not have a sweet tooth. Scientists believe this is due to a mutation in a key taste receptor.
The Egyptian Mau is probably the oldest breed of cat.
The Maine Coon cat is Americas only natural breed of domestic feline. It is 4 to 5 times larger than the Singapura, the smallest breed of cat.
Tests done by the Behavioral Department of the Musuem of Natural History conclude that while a dogs memory lasts about 5 minutes, a cats recall can last as long as 16 hours.
Smuggling a cat out of ancient Egypt was punishable by death. Phoenician traders eventually succeeded in smuggling felines, which they sold to rich people in Athens and other important cities.
The earliest ancestor of the modern cat lived about 30 million years ago. Scientists called it the Proailurus, which means “first cat” in Greek. The group of animals that pet cats belong to emerged around 12 million years ago.
A cats back is extremely flexible because it has up to 53 loosely fitting vertebrae. Humans only have 34.
A queen (female cat) can begin mating when she is between 5 and 9 months old.
A cat has two vocal chords, and can make over 100 sounds.
The strongest climber among the big cats, a leopard can carry prey twice its weight up a tree.
There are more than 500 million domestic cats in the world, with approximately 40 recognized breeds.
Cats have the skillset that makes them able to learn how to use a toilet.
The way you treat kittens in the early stages of its life will render its personality traits later in life.
The largest breed of cat is the Ragdoll with males weighing in at 1 5 to 20 lbs. The heaviest domestic cat on record was a neutered male tabby named Himmy from Queensland, Australia who weighed 46 lbs. 1 5 oz.
Spanish-Jewish folklore recounts that Adams first wife, Lilith, became a black vampire cat, sucking the blood from sleeping babies. This may be the root of the superstition that a cat will smother a sleeping baby or suck out the childs breath.
Eating grass rids a cats system of any fur and helps with digestion.
It is important to include fat in your cats diet because theyre unable to make the nutrient in their bodies on their own.
Cat paws act as tempetature regulators, shock absorbers, hunting and grooming tools, sensors, and more
A happy cat holds her tail high and steady.
Of all the species of cats, the domestic cat is the only species able to hold its tail vertically while walking. All species of wild cats hold their tail horizontally or tucked between their legs while walking.
Cats are extremely sensitive to vibrations. Cats are said to detect earthquake tremors 10 or 15 minutes before humans can.
Cats are now Britains favourite pet: there are 7.7 million cats as opposed to 6.6 million dogs.
Cats are unable to detect sweetness in anything they taste.
A cat uses its whiskers for measuring distances.  The whiskers of a cat are capable of registering very small changes in air pressure.
Want to call a hairball by its scientific name? Next time, say the word bezoar.
The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
Cats are North Americas most popular pets: there are 73 million cats compared to 63 million dogs. Over 30% of households in North America own a cat.
A cats normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
All cats need taurine in their diet to avoid blindness. Cats must also have fat in their diet as they are unable to produce it on their own.
The female cat reaches sexual maturity within 6 to 10 months; most veterinarians suggest spaying the female at 5 months, before her first heat period. The male cat usually reaches sexual maturity between 9 and 12 months.
Most cats give birth to a litter of between one and nine kittens. The largest known litter ever produced was 19 kittens, of which 15 survived.
A cat has the power to sometimes heal themselves by purring. A domestic cats purr has a frequency of between 25 and 150 Hertz, which happens to be the frequency at which muscles and bones best grow and repair themselves. 
Female cats tend to be right pawed, while male cats are more often left pawed.
Cats rough tongues enable them to clean themselves efficiently and to lick clean an animal bone.
It has been scientifically proven that stroking a cat can lower ones blood pressure.
Cats show affection and mark their territory by rubbing on people. Glands on their face, tail and paws release a scent to make its mark.
A female cat is called a queen or a molly.
You check your cats pulse on the inside of the back thigh, where the leg joins to the body. Normal for cats: 110-170 beats per minute.
A tomcat (male cat) can begin mating when he is between 7 and 10 months old.
There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).
Outdoor cats lifespan averages at about 3 to 5 years; indoor cats have lives that last 16 years or more.
A group of cats is called a clowder.
The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
A cats brain is more similar to a mans brain than that of a dog.
Many cats cannot properly digest cows milk. Milk and milk products give them diarrhea.
Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
A cats nose pad is ridged with a unique pattern, just like the fingerprint of a human.
Unlike humans, cats cannot detect sweetness which likely explains why they are not drawn to it at all.
A cats cerebral cortex contains about twice as many neurons as that of dogs. Cats have 300 million neurons, whereas dogs have about 160 million. See, cats rule, dogs drool!
The cats clavicle, or collarbone, does not connect with other bones but is buried in the muscles of the shoulder region. This lack of a functioning collarbone allows them to fit through any opening the size of their head.
Cats lap liquid from the underside of their tongue, not from the top.
The smallest wildcat today is the Black-footed cat. The females are less than 20 inches (50 cm) long and can weigh as little as 2.5 lbs (1.2 kg).
Cats have \nine lives\ thanks to a flexible spine and powerful leg and back muscles
A cat usually has about 12 whiskers on each side of its face.
The first true cats came into existence about 12 million years ago and were the Proailurus.
The oldest cat on record was Crème Puff from Austin, Texas, who lived from 1967 to August 6, 2005, three days after her 38th birthday. A cat typically can live up to 20 years, which is equivalent to about 96 human years.
When a cat chases its prey, it keeps its head level. Dogs and humans bob their heads up and down.
A cats normal pulse is 140-240 beats per minute, with an average of 195.
Edward Lear, author of \\The Owl and the Pussycat\\\\, is said to have had his new house in San Remo built to exactly the same specification as his previous residence, so that his much-loved tabby, Foss, would immediately feel at home.\\\
On average, cats spend 2/3 of every day sleeping.
Cats are extremely sensitive to vibrations.
Despite imagery of cats happily drinking milk from saucers, studies indicate that cats are actually lactose intolerant and should avoid it entirely.
Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
A cat named Dusty, aged 1 7, living in Bonham, Texas, USA, gave birth to her 420th kitten on June 23, 1952.
In the 1750s, Europeans introduced cats into the Americas to control pests.
A cats brain is biologically more similar to a human brain than it is to a dogs.
A cats heart beats nearly twice as fast as a human heart, at 110 to 140 beats a minute.
Today, cats are living twice as long as they did just 50 years ago.
Cats with long, lean bodies are more likely to be outgoing, and more protective and vocal than those with a stocky build.
In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Some notable people who disliked cats:  Napoleon Bonaparte, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Hitler.
At 4 weeks, it is important to play with kittens so that they do not develope a fear of people.
Cheetahs do not roar, as the other big cats do. Instead, they purr.
The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Purring does not always indicate that a cat is happy and healthy - some cats will purr loudly when they are terrified or in pain.
Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Despite appearing like a wild cat, the Ocicat does not have an ounce of wild blood.
Talk about Facetime: Cats greet one another by rubbing their noses together.
In an average year, cat owners in the United States spend over $2 billion on cat food.
Tabby cats are thought to get their name from Attab, a district in Baghdad, now the capital of Iraq.
Two members of the cat family are distinct from all others: the clouded leopard and the cheetah.
When a family cat died in ancient Egypt, family members would mourn by shaving off their eyebrows. They also held elaborate funerals during which they drank wine and beat their breasts. The cat was embalmed with a sculpted wooden mask and the tiny mummy was placed in the family tomb or in a pet cemetery with tiny mummies of mice.
A female cat will be pregnant for approximately 9 weeks or between 62 and 65 days from conception to delivery.
Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Two members of the cat family are distinct from all others: the clouded leopard and the cheetah. The clouded leopard does not roar like other big cats, nor does it groom or rest like small cats. The cheetah is unique because it is a running cat; all others are leaping cats. They are leaping cats because they slowly stalk their prey and then leap on it.
Cats have a strong aversion to anything citrus.
Cats have 32 muscles that control the outer ear.
The cats footpads absorb the shocks of the landing when the cat jumps.
A cats eyesight is both better and worse than humans. It is better because cats can see in much dimmer light and they have a wider peripheral view. Its worse because they dont see color as well as humans do. Scientists believe grass appears red to cats.
Approximately 40,000 people are bitten by cats in the U.S. annually.
Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
The chlorine in fresh tap water irritates sensitive parts of the cats nose. Let tap water sit for 24 hours before giving it to a cat.
According to the International Species Information Service, there are only three Marbled Cats still in existence worldwide.  One lives in the United States..
A cat has 230 bones in its body.
Most cat litters contain four to six kittens.
A cat has more bones than a human; humans have 206, and the cat - 230.
The Snow Leopard, a variety of the California Spangled Cat, always has blue eyes.
As temperatures rise, so do the number of cats. Cats are known to breed in warm weather, which leads many animal advocates worried about the plight of cats under Global Warming..
It may take as long as 2 weeks for a kitten to be able to hear well.  Their eyes usually open between 7 and 10 days, but sometimes it happens in as little as 2 days.
In just seven years, a single pair of cats and their offspring could produce a staggering total of 420,000 kittens.
Cats take between 20-40 breaths per minute.