Lay on the floor and act like a sizzling piece of bacon.
Let another player create a hat out of toilet paper — and you've got to wear it for the rest of the game.
Dump out your purse, backpack, or pockets and do a show and tell of what's inside.
Pretend that you're swimming underwater for the next three rounds of questions.
Let the person to your left draw on your face with a pen.
Let someone else tickle you and try not to laugh.
Wear a funny hat on your head for the next three rounds of questions.
Do a prank call on one of your family members.
Go to the bathroom, take off your underwear and put it on your head. Wear it on your head for the rest of the game.
Eat five tablespoons of a condiment.
Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Eat a teaspoon of mustard.
Do 100 squats while live.
Lick a bar of soap.
Let the group give you a new hairstyle.
Set your crushs picture as your FB profile picture.
Get slapped on the face by the person of your choosing.
Make up a 30-second opera about a person or people in the group and perform it.
Tell your girlfriend that your friends dont like her so you cant be with her anymore.
Show off your orgasm face.
Drop something in the toilet and then reach in to get it.
Tell everyone an embarrassing story about yourself.
Show everyone your search history for the past week.
Act like whatever animal someone yells out for the next 1 minute.
Eat a banana without using your hands.
After the group chooses one rude word, sing a song and insert that rude word once into every line of the song.
Let someone shave part of your body.
Name a famous person that looks like each player in the room.
Make every person in the group smile, keep going until everyone has cracked a smiled.
Dance without music for one minute.
Belly dance like your life depended on it.
Talk in a British accent until your next turn.
Post a YouTube video after singing a currently popular song.
Post the oldest selfie on your phone on Instagram Stories.
Eat a raw onion.
List everyone as the emoji(s) you think best fits them.
Keep three ice cubes in your mouth until they melt.
Serenade the person to your right.
Grab a trash can and make a hoop with your hands above the trash can. Have other members of the group try to shoot trash through your hoop.
Empty out your wallet/purse and show everyone whats inside.
Open a bag of snacks or candy using only your mouth, no hands or feet.
Attempt to breakdance for one minute.
Go outside and sing a clip of your favorite Disney song at the top of your lungs.
Call 5 different people and talk to them in 5 different accents.
Beg and plead the person to your right not to leave you for that other boy or girl.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind.
Say something dirty to the person on your left.
Tell the saddest story you know.
Stick your arm into the trash can past your elbow.
Say the alphabet backwards in a British accent.
For a guy, put on makeup. For a girl, wash off your make up.
If there is a pet at the event, have that person try and hold the pet for the rest of the night.
Let the group look through your phone for one minute.
Set up a tea party between any of the stuffed animals in the house. Invite the girls in your group to come join.
Imitate a YouTube star until another player guesses who you're portraying.
Pretend to be a food. Dont pretend to eat the food, pretend to be the food. Keep pretending until someone in the group guesses the food you are.
Take a really unflattering picture and make it your profile picture for one full day.
Smell another player's bare foot.
Bend at the waist so that you are looking behind you between your legs. Now run backwards until you can tag someone with your butt.
Keep your eyes closed until its your go again.
Send me a screenshot of your messages with the last person besides me you texted.
Spin an imaginary hula hoop around your waist for the rest of the round.
Curse like sailor for 20 seconds straight.
Lick the floor.
Play air guitar for one minute.
Eat a packet of hot sauce straight.
Pretend to be the person to your right for 10 minutes.
Serenade the person to your right for a full minute.
Like the first 15 posts on your Facebook newsfeed.
Eat a mouthful of crackers and try to whistle.
Make up a rap about the person to your right.
Remove four items of clothing.
Prank call someone you know (perhaps another girl in the group that couldn't make it that night).
Do an impression of another player until someone can figure out who it is.
Give a foot massage to the person on your right.
Let the group pose you in an embarrassing position and take a picture.
Drag your butt on the carpet like a dog from one end of the room to the other.
Try and make the group laugh as quickly as possible.
Call the 3rd contact in your phone and sing them 30 seconds of a song that the group chooses.No talking.
Do a plank for a full minute.
Say two honest things about everyone else in the group.
Write something embarrassing somewhere on your body (that can be hidden with clothing) with a permanent marker.
Find the person whose first name has the same letter as your first name or whoevers first names first letter is closest to yours. Now lick their face.
Try to juggle 2 or 3 items of the groups choosing.
Imitate popular YouTube videos until someone can guess the video you are imitating.
Try to put your whole fist in your mouth.
Do four cartwheels in row.
Message someone you havent talked to in at least 1 year on Facebook or Instagram and take a screenshot.
Bark like a dog.
Imagine something in your room. Now spell it with your nose and keep spelling it with your nose until someone from the group guesses what you are trying to spell.
Jump up and down as high as you can go for a full minute.
Let the player to your right redo your makeup.
Do pushups until you cant do any more, wait 5 seconds, and then do one more.
Compose a poem on the spot based on something the group comes up with.
Everything you say for the rest of the game has to rhyme.
In the next ten minutes, find a way to scare another player and make it a surprise.
Let another person post a status on your behalf.
Let the other players go through your phone for one minute.
Tell a joke until it makes everyone laugh.
Empty a glass of cold water onto your head outside.
Crack an egg on your head.
Try to lick your elbow.
Run around the room imitating a monkey.
Show everyone your unshaved legs.
Hand over your phone to another player who can send a single text saying anything they want to anyone they want.
Let the other players redo your hairstyle.
Repeat everything the person to your right says until your next turn.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Break a raw egg on your forehead.
Sing instead of speaking for the next two rounds of the game.
Wear your pants backward for the rest of the game.
Give someone in the group a piggyback ride around the room.
Twerk for a minute.
Send a sext to the last person in your phonebook.
Smell another player's armpit.
Send me a screenshot of your selfies gallery.
Try to lick your own foot!
Cut a piece of your hair.
Put five cubes in your mouth (you can't chew them, you just have to let them melt—brrr).
Draw your favorite movie and have the other person guess it (Pictionary-style).
Eat a bite of a banana peel.
Change your nickname/username to whatever the group wants.
Try to drink a glass water while standing on your hands.
Sing a praise song about a person of the groups choosing.
Attempt to walk on your hands for as far as you can.
Let two people give you a wet willy at the same time.
Let someone give you a wedgie.
Do a free-style rap for the next minute.
Attempt to do a magic trick.
Howl like a wolf.
Do your best impression of a baby being born.
Sit in a spinning chair and have the group spin you for 30 seconds.
Put 10 different available liquids into a cup and drink it.
Gulp down a raw egg.
Eat one teaspoon of the spiciest thing you have in the kitchen.
Gargle something that shouldnt be gargled, but wont hurt you.
Eat a spoon full of mustard.
Let another person draw a tattoo on your back with a permanent marker.
Put as many snacks into your mouth at once as you can.
Text a random number and write “I see dead people”.
Let the rest of the group DM someone from your Instagram account.
Rate everyone here 1-10 in terms of personality.
Ask the neighbors to borrow a cup of sugar.
Drink a mystery brew concocted by the rest of the group. Make sure there is nothing harmful or dangerous in the concoction, and set areasonable limit of sips the person must take to complete the dare.
Hold a funny face for the rest of the round.
Do your best sexy crawl.
Call a friend, pretend it's their birthday, and sing them Happy Birthday to You.
Give someone your phone and let them send one text to anyone in your contacts.
Shave your arms and send me a pic.
Record yourself singing a song and post it on YouTube.
Switch clothes with someone of the opposite sex in the group for three rounds.
Talk in an accent for the next 3 rounds.
Put ice cubes down your pants.
Show the last five people you texted and what the messages said.
Break two eggs on your head.
Demonstrate how you style your hair in the mirror (without actually using the mirror).
Transfer an ice cube from your mouth to the persons mouth on your right.
Tell the group in detail about your first kiss.
Drink a small cup of a concoction that the group makes.
Do 20 squats.
Be someones pet for the next 5 minutes.
Exchange shirts with the person next to you for the next round of questions.
Depict a human life through interpretive dance.
Text your crush and ask them out on a date.
Repeat everything another player says for the next three rounds of the game.
Put on a blindfold and touch the other players' faces until you can figure out who's who.
Say pickles at the end of every sentence you say until it's your turn again.
Imitate a celebrity every time you talk.
Do the worm.
Show us your best dance moves.
Brush your teeth with peanut butter or another condiment and send me a pic.
Sell a piece of trash to someone in the group using your best salesmanship.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Post an extremely unflattering picture of yourself to the social media outlet of your choosing.
Brush your teeth with your best friends toothbrush.