...Full Homo...
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile!
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.
Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future!
Are you a trap card? Because I’ve fallen for you.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Are you country roads, because I wanna take you home.
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
Are you from the Bath House? Because you take my spirit away. (Spirited Away)
Are you Kikyo? Because I think you shot an arrow through my heart!
Are you Node.js because I'd always give you a callback? I promise
Are you Saitama? Because you've got me down in one move!
Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie!
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Baby, come with me and you'll be Going Merry.
Call me All Might, because I’m just looking to Texas Smash!
Can I take a picture of you so Santa knows what I want for Christmas?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Do you believe in fate? How about you stay the night? (Fate/Night; this one wasn't too apparant..)
Do you happen to have a Band-Aid? ‘Cause I scraped my knees falling for you.
Do you have a Death Note? Because everytime you smile, I feel like I'm having a heart attack!
Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Even if it means risking my existence, I'll cross different world lines just to find you! (Steins;Gate)
Extra cursed student or not, I wont even think of ignoring you! (From anime *another*; not too apparant..rip)
Have you been covered in bees recently? I just assumed, because you look sweeter than honey.
Hey there, mind if I take a bite? Cause your decomposing in ALL the right places.
Hey! Are you the railgun? Because I can feel a spark! (Toaru Kagaku no Railgun)
Hey, can I follow you home? My parents told me to follow my dreams.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place?
Hey, you dropped something. I hope it was your standards. Hi, I'm Melody
Hey, you're pretty good!!
Hey, you're so gorgeous you made me forget my pickup line.
Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out?
I didn’t know what I wanted in a woman until I saw you.
I don't need 99 souls, all I need is yours!
I don't need a Death Note, your beauty is killer!
I don't need a Sharingan to see how beautiful you are!
I don't need pickup lines, because they don't work on corpses.
I don't want your candy, what I really want is your number.
I hope you know CPR because you take my breath away!
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
I love you as much as Ryuk loves apples!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you
I never believed in love at first sight, but that was before I saw you.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week’s hottest single
I really want to wear a dress but I don't have any. Can I slip into you tonight?
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I think I need a paralyze heal! Because you're stunning!
I was wondering if you could tell me: If you’re here, who’s running Heaven?
I was wondering if you’re an artist because you were so good at drawing me in.
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice.
I wish they'd all die, except for you!
I'd go full homo for you!
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find.
I'd take the Hunter Exam just for you!
I'll buy you ice cream, just be careful not to drop it  ...🍦
I'm going to punch you in the mouth. With my own mouth. Softly. Because I like you.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
If being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
If I just had a Geass, I'd command you to be mine!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If you were a potato, you would be a good potato.
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a ‘cute-cumber.’
Is there an airport nearby, or was that just my heart taking off?
Is your dad a locksmith because you have the keys to my heart.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
It says in the Bible to only think about what’s pure and lovely… So I’ve been thinking about you all day long.
Just say yes and I'll give you more than seven Eurekas!
Kanye feel the love?
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
No wonder the sky is gray (or dark, if at night) — all the color is in your eyes.
Omae wa mo shindeiru!
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9 and I'm the 1 you need.
Our love is like Grell, it never seems to die!
Roses are red, violets are blue, omae wa mo shindeiru
See my friend over there? They want to know if you think I'm cute.
So, aside from taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
There you are, you're on my to do list.
Want to make a burger together? I'll provide the meat and you can sandwich it between your buns.
We were born to make history!!
Well here I am. What are your other two wishes?
Were your parents aliens, because you're out of this world.
When I look in your eyes, I see a very kind soul.
Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I was touched by an angel.
You can take me to flavour town!!
You know what you'd look really beautiful in? My arms.
You must be a magician. Because any time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
You must be a mahou shoujo, you've got me under your spell!
You must be better than Kuuhaku. Because when I first saw you, you already won my heart!
You must be Kira, because you just gave me a heart attack!
You must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
You remind me of Menma. Because even when I can't see you, I still feel you inside my heart!
You're cooler than Grey's ice shell!
You're like the 3D Maneuver gear. I won't stand a chance in this world without you!
You're more delicious than Ciel's soul!
You've made me so nervous that I've totally forgotten my standard pick-up line.
Your eyes are like a maze, I keep getting lost in them.
Your eyes are like the ocean; I could swim in them all day.
You’re like a fine wine. The more of you I drink in, the better I feel.
You’ve got a lot of beautiful curves, but your smile is absolutely my favorite.
You’ve got everything I’ve been searching for, and believe me — I’ve been looking a long time.