A baby whale is called a calf. Whales form groups to look after calves and feed together. These groups are often made up of all female or all male whales.
A raccoon can run at speeds up to 24 km/h (15 mph).
A raccoon will rinse its food in water prior to eating it. When there is no water close by, a raccoon will still rub its food to remove debris.
A series of studies in the mid-to-late-twentieth century show that a raccoon can remember solutions to tasks for up to 3 years.
Average life span in the wild is 5 years, while they can live up to 20 years in captivity.
Because its hind legs are longer than the front legs, a raccoon often appears hunched when they walk or run.
During fall, raccoons stock up on fatty nuts and seeds for the coming winter.
During the winter months raccoons do not hibernate, however they minimize their activity in order to conserve energy. During this time, an animal can lose up to 50% of its body weight.
Group of raccoons is called \"nursery\" or \"gaze\".
Kits open their eyes around 3 weeks of age, start eating solid food around 7 weeks old, and by 2 months old are traveling alongside their mother.
Many whales are toothless. They use a plate of comb-like fibre called baleen to filter small crustaceans and other creatures from the water.
Mating season for raccoons falls generally anytime between January and June.
Mating season takes place from January to mid March. Two months later, female will give birth to 3-4 babies. Their tails don't have bands, and mask around eyes is still missing.
Mother is very protective and she will teach them how to survive and what to eat as soon they become ready to leave the burrow.
One lived in the white house.
Raccoon averages 61 to 96 centimeters (24 to 38 inches) in length and can weigh between 5.5 and 15.8 kilograms (12 and 35 pounds), depending upon habitat and available food.
Raccoon's hand looks like human's. They have five fingers and use their hands to collect food, open shells, door or trash cans...
Raccoons are about as big as small dogs. They grow to about 23 to 37 inches (60 to 95 centimeters) and weigh 4 to 23 lbs. (1.8 to 10.4 kilograms)
Raccoons are excellent swimmers. They are also great climbers, which allows them to better access food and shelter.
Raccoons are found in North and Central America, Europe and Japan. They are very adaptable, so they live in a wide range of climates and habitats. They typically make homes, called dens, in trees or caves, though they will also make homes in barns, abandoned vehicles and other man-made locations.
Raccoons are highly intelligent and curious animals.
Raccoons are nocturnal
Raccoons are solitary (live on their own) and nocturnal creatures (they hunt at night).
Raccoons can transmit rabies to domestic animals and people. Their feces often contain roundworms.
Raccoons have special paws
Raccoons often place food in water before they start to eat it. They have highly sensitive sense of touch and water increases sensitivity even more. By touching the food they get better insight about things they will eat.
Raccoons produce various sounds including hisses, whistles, screams, growls and snarls.
Raccoons produce various sounds. They can hiss, purr, whistle, growl...
Raccoons usually reach 2,5 feet in length and weigh between 12-16 pounds. Raccoons that live in colder climates are larger and heavier.
Sometimes whales make navigation mistakes during migrations. Although they may have made the mistake days before, they don’t realise it until they becoming stranded.
The arched lower lip of a whale can often make it look like it is smiling! However, this isn’t a “real” smile as the blubber in the head of the whale prevents the muscles of the face from reaching the surface.
The male raccoon, or boar, is slightly larger than the female, also referred to as sow. The young are called kits and a group of raccoons is called a nursery.
The most distinctive feature of the raccoon is the “bandit” like face mask around the eyes of the raccoon. One hypothesis states that the raccoon’s mask of black fur may function to reduce glare and enhance night vision.
The original habitats of the raccoon are deciduous and mixed forests, but due to their adaptability they have extended their range to mountainous areas, coastal marshes, and urban areas, where some homeowners consider them to be pests.
The raccoon is an omnivorous and opportunistic eater, with its diet determined heavily by its environment. Common foods include fruits, plants, nuts, berries, insects, rodents, frogs, eggs, and crayfish. In urban environments, the animal often sifts through garbage for food. The majority of its diet consists of invertebrates and plant foods.
The raccoons are nocturnal, mostly foraging and feeding at night and sleep during the day.
The raccoon’s main predators are coyotes, wolves, pumas and bobcats. Large owls and eagles will prey on young raccoons.
The raccoon’s scientific name, Procyon lotor is neo-Latin and translates to “before-dog washer.”
The raccoon’s sense of touch is its most important and specialised sense. They have ‘hyper-sensitive’ front paws which are protected by a thin horny layer which becomes pliable when wet.When able, a raccoon will examine objects in water.
Their dense fur is grayish-brown, and the tail has 5 to 7 complete dark rings, alternating with broader brown or gray rings.The tip of the tail is always dark.
Their front toes can be opened wide, the front paws can be used skillfully to handle food and other objects.But they don’t have opposable thumbs.
Their masks aren't just for show.
Their superior dexterity has proved no match for combination locks on dumpsters or fastened windows. They will do anything in their power to acquire food of all kinds.
There are 79 to 84 different species of whale. They came in many different shapes and sizes!
They are easily adaptable to various environments. They can live in hollow tree equally happy like they can in abandoned cars.
They are omnivores (eat plants and animals) and like to eat insects, eggs, small mammals, fruit, berries, seed, garbage...
They can be found accross the globe.
They come in many varities.
They do not travel far from a comfortable den. They only go as far as their appetite will take them.
They don't hibernate, but they spend coldest days of winters in their burrows.
They have grayish fur, black mask around eyes and long tail covered with black and brown bands. Because of their tail, they are nicknamed \"ringtail\".
They make their dens in the hollow parts, rock crevices and ground dens.In urban areas, chimneys, attics, and crawl spaces underneath homes are common den sites.
Though previously thought to be quite solitary, there is now evidence that the species congregates in gender-specific groups.
Whales love to sing! They use this as a call to mates, a way to communicate and also just for fun! After a period of time they get bored of the same whale song and begin to sing a different tune.
Whales support many different types of life. Several creatures, such as barnacles and sea lice, attach themselves to the skin of whales and live there.
Whales that are found in both Northern and Southern hemisphere never meet or breed together. Their migration is timed so that they are never in breeding areas at the same time.
You can tell the age of a whale by looking at the wax plug in its ear. This plug in the ear has a pattern of layers when cut lengthwise that scientists can count to estimate the age of the whale.