A baby whale is called a calf. Whales form groups to look after calves and feed together. These groups are often made up of all female or all male whales.
Many whales are toothless. They use a plate of comb-like fibre called baleen to filter small crustaceans and other creatures from the water.
Sometimes whales make navigation mistakes during migrations. Although they may have made the mistake days before, they don’t realise it until they becoming stranded.
The arched lower lip of a whale can often make it look like it is smiling! However, this isn’t a “real” smile as the blubber in the head of the whale prevents the muscles of the face from reaching the surface.
Whales love to sing! They use this as a call to mates, a way to communicate and also just for fun! After a period of time they get bored of the same whale song and begin to sing a different tune.
Whales support many different types of life. Several creatures, such as barnacles and sea lice, attach themselves to the skin of whales and live there.
Whales that are found in both Northern and Southern hemisphere never meet or breed together. Their migration is timed so that they are never in breeding areas at the same time.
You can tell the age of a whale by looking at the wax plug in its ear. This plug in the ear has a pattern of layers when cut lengthwise that scientists can count to estimate the age of the whale.
There are 79 to 84 different species of whale. They came in many different shapes and sizes!A baby whale is called a calf. Whales form groups to look after calves and feed together. These groups are often made up of all female or all male whales.
A raccoon can run at speeds up to 24 km/h (15 mph).
A raccoon will rinse its food in water prior to eating it. When there is no water close by, a raccoon will still rub its food to remove debris.
A series of studies in the mid-to-late-twentieth century show that a raccoon can remember solutions to tasks for up to 3 years.
Average life span in the wild is 5 years, while they can live up to 20 years in captivity.
Because its hind legs are longer than the front legs, a raccoon often appears hunched when they walk or run.
During fall, raccoons stock up on fatty nuts and seeds for the coming winter.
During the winter months raccoons do not hibernate, however they minimize their activity in order to conserve energy. During this time, an animal can lose up to 50% of its body weight.
Group of raccoons is called \"nursery\" or \"gaze\".
Kits open their eyes around 3 weeks of age, start eating solid food around 7 weeks old, and by 2 months old are traveling alongside their mother.
Many whales are toothless. They use a plate of comb-like fibre called baleen to filter small crustaceans and other creatures from the water.
Mating season for raccoons falls generally anytime between January and June.
Mating season takes place from January to mid March. Two months later, female will give birth to 3-4 babies. Their tails don't have bands, and mask around eyes is still missing.
Mother is very protective and she will teach them how to survive and what to eat as soon they become ready to leave the burrow.
One lived in the white house.
Raccoon averages 61 to 96 centimeters (24 to 38 inches) in length and can weigh between 5.5 and 15.8 kilograms (12 and 35 pounds), depending upon habitat and available food.
Raccoon's hand looks like human's. They have five fingers and use their hands to collect food, open shells, door or trash cans...
Raccoons are about as big as small dogs. They grow to about 23 to 37 inches (60 to 95 centimeters) and weigh 4 to 23 lbs. (1.8 to 10.4 kilograms)
Raccoons are excellent swimmers. They are also great climbers, which allows them to better access food and shelter.
Raccoons are found in North and Central America, Europe and Japan. They are very adaptable, so they live in a wide range of climates and habitats. They typically make homes, called dens, in trees or caves, though they will also make homes in barns, abandoned vehicles and other man-made locations.
Raccoons are highly intelligent and curious animals.
Raccoons are nocturnal
Raccoons are solitary (live on their own) and nocturnal creatures (they hunt at night).
Raccoons can transmit rabies to domestic animals and people. Their feces often contain roundworms.
Raccoons have special paws
Raccoons often place food in water before they start to eat it. They have highly sensitive sense of touch and water increases sensitivity even more. By touching the food they get better insight about things they will eat.
Raccoons produce various sounds including hisses, whistles, screams, growls and snarls.
Raccoons produce various sounds. They can hiss, purr, whistle, growl...
Raccoons usually reach 2,5 feet in length and weigh between 12-16 pounds. Raccoons that live in colder climates are larger and heavier.
Sometimes whales make navigation mistakes during migrations. Although they may have made the mistake days before, they don’t realise it until they becoming stranded.
The arched lower lip of a whale can often make it look like it is smiling! However, this isn’t a “real” smile as the blubber in the head of the whale prevents the muscles of the face from reaching the surface.
The male raccoon, or boar, is slightly larger than the female, also referred to as sow. The young are called kits and a group of raccoons is called a nursery.
The most distinctive feature of the raccoon is the “bandit” like face mask around the eyes of the raccoon. One hypothesis states that the raccoon’s mask of black fur may function to reduce glare and enhance night vision.
The original habitats of the raccoon are deciduous and mixed forests, but due to their adaptability they have extended their range to mountainous areas, coastal marshes, and urban areas, where some homeowners consider them to be pests.
The raccoon is an omnivorous and opportunistic eater, with its diet determined heavily by its environment. Common foods include fruits, plants, nuts, berries, insects, rodents, frogs, eggs, and crayfish. In urban environments, the animal often sifts through garbage for food. The majority of its diet consists of invertebrates and plant foods.
The raccoons are nocturnal, mostly foraging and feeding at night and sleep during the day.
The raccoon’s main predators are coyotes, wolves, pumas and bobcats. Large owls and eagles will prey on young raccoons.
The raccoon’s scientific name, Procyon lotor is neo-Latin and translates to “before-dog washer.”
The raccoon’s sense of touch is its most important and specialised sense. They have ‘hyper-sensitive’ front paws which are protected by a thin horny layer which becomes pliable when wet.When able, a raccoon will examine objects in water.
Their dense fur is grayish-brown, and the tail has 5 to 7 complete dark rings, alternating with broader brown or gray rings.The tip of the tail is always dark.
Their front toes can be opened wide, the front paws can be used skillfully to handle food and other objects.But they don’t have opposable thumbs.
Their masks aren't just for show.
Their superior dexterity has proved no match for combination locks on dumpsters or fastened windows. They will do anything in their power to acquire food of all kinds.
There are 79 to 84 different species of whale. They came in many different shapes and sizes!
They are easily adaptable to various environments. They can live in hollow tree equally happy like they can in abandoned cars.
They are omnivores (eat plants and animals) and like to eat insects, eggs, small mammals, fruit, berries, seed, garbage...
They can be found accross the globe.
They come in many varities.
They do not travel far from a comfortable den. They only go as far as their appetite will take them.
They don't hibernate, but they spend coldest days of winters in their burrows.
They have grayish fur, black mask around eyes and long tail covered with black and brown bands. Because of their tail, they are nicknamed \"ringtail\".
They make their dens in the hollow parts, rock crevices and ground dens.In urban areas, chimneys, attics, and crawl spaces underneath homes are common den sites.
Though previously thought to be quite solitary, there is now evidence that the species congregates in gender-specific groups.
Whales love to sing! They use this as a call to mates, a way to communicate and also just for fun! After a period of time they get bored of the same whale song and begin to sing a different tune.
Whales support many different types of life. Several creatures, such as barnacles and sea lice, attach themselves to the skin of whales and live there.
Whales that are found in both Northern and Southern hemisphere never meet or breed together. Their migration is timed so that they are never in breeding areas at the same time.
You can tell the age of a whale by looking at the wax plug in its ear. This plug in the ear has a pattern of layers when cut lengthwise that scientists can count to estimate the age of the whale.A giant panda can peel and eat a bamboo shoot in about 40 seconds.
A giant panda has one of the highest bite forces of any carnivore
A giant panda usually gives birth to a single cub. Sometimes twins are born, but when this happens, the mother typically ignores the weaker cub. She does not have enough energy to care for two cubs.
A giant panda’s face is cute, but it is not chubby. It gets its shape from massive cheek muscles. In fact, a giant panda’s jaw and cheek muscles are so powerful that a panda can easily chew an aluminum dish into tiny pieces. They can also easily bite through a thick bamboo stalk. Humans have trouble cutting the same stalk with an ax.
A panda fur is worth between $60,000 and $100,000 on the illegal trade market.
A panda’s throat has a special lining to protect it from bamboo splinters.
After Richard Nixon visited China in 1972, he received two pandas from the Chinese leader, Chairman Mao. The two pandas, Ling-Ling and Hsing-Hsing, were placed in the National Zoo in Washington D.C. More than 1 million people visited them during their first year there. Nixon was the first U.S. president to ever visit China.
Although 99% of their diet is bamboo, a panda’s digestive system is designed for meat. In fact, pandas absorb only 20%-30 % of bamboo nutrients. Other plant eaters such as deer absorb around 80%. This means the panda has to eat most of the time it is awake to get enough nutrients to survive.
Although a giant panda’s fur looks silky and soft, it is quite thick and wiry. The hair of an adult giant panda can grow up to 4 inches (10 cm) long.
An adult giant panda weighs about 200-300 pounds (90-135 kg).
Bamboo reaches its flowering cycle every 30-120 years. After bamboo flowers, the entire species of bamboo dies in a process called bamboo dieback. It can take migration has become increasingly difficult.
Bamboo reaches its flowering cycle every 30-120 years. After bamboo flowers, the entire species of bamboo dies in a process called bamboo dieback. It can take up to 10-15 years for the bamboo to grow back. Pandas have usually been able to migrate to other areas, but they have lost so much of thier habitant to humans that migration has become increasingly difficult.
Fashion designer and socialite Ruth Harkness (1900-1947), without training or experience, became the first Westerner to capture and present a live giant panda to the world outside China.
From 1974-1989, half of the panda’s habitat in China’s Sichuan areas was destroyed by human activity.
Giant pandas are on the brink of extinction, with just over 1,000 pandas left in the world. Scientists are hoping to increase the wild panda population to 5,000 by 2025.
Giant pandas do not hibernate
Giant pandas first appeared on Earth 2-3 million years ago
Giant pandas have 42 teeth. Like humans, giant pandas have two sets of teeth in their lifetime.
Giant pandas have a very good sense of smell. Even at night, they can find the best bamboo stalks by scent.
Giant pandas have been driven out of the lowland areas where they used to live and now are found only in the Chinese provinces of Sichuan, Gansu, and Shaanxi. The forests in these provinces are very damp and rainy. In one year, a forest may receive up to 50 inches of rain and snow.
Giant pandas have been the symbol of the international conservation organization WWF, or the World Wide Fund for Nature, since it was founded in 1961.
Giant pandas have evolved a unique “thumb” which they use to hold bamboo stalks. This thumb is actually a modified wrist bone.
Giant pandas still have the digestive tract of a carnivore, which means bamboo is a highly inefficient energy source
In China, giant pandas are considered to be national treasures
It has been illegal to kill pandas in China since the 1960s, but the laws were not enforced strictly. In 1987, the laws were strengthened to increase punishment from two years to a life sentence or even death. Today the punishment is less severe: 10-20 years in prison.
It is very rare to see more than one panda at a time in the wild. Giant pandas cannot afford the energy it would take to compete with one another for food, territory, and mates.
It takes about five years for a female cub to become an adult and up to seven years for a male cub
It takes about five years for a female cub to become an adult and up to seven years for a male cub.
It was not until the 20th century that giant pandas became known to the rest of the world outside of China. The first live giant Panda to leave China in 1936 was named Su-Lin (“a little bit of something very cute”). He arrived at the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago.
Many Chinese philosophers believe that the universe is made from two opposing forces, the Yin and Yang. The panda is one symbol of this philosophy with its contrasting black-and-white fur. The Chinese believe that the gentle nature of the panda demonstrates how the Yin and Yang bring peace and harmony when they are balanced.
Much of the food that a giant panda eats is not digested. An adult giant panda in the spring can produce about 62 pounds of droppings in 24 hours.
On all fours, a giant panda stands about 3 feet (.9 m) tall at the shoulder and measures about 5 feet (1.5 m) long. Males are about 10% larger than females.
On average, a panda eats 25-30 pounds of bamboo in one day. In the spring, a panda may eat 100 pounds in a day.
Pandas are pigeon-toed; in other words, they walk with their front paws turned inward.
Pandas do not run fast—a slow trot is as fast as they can go. The fastest bear is the black bear, which can run 35 miles per hour. That’s about as a fast as a horse or deer.
Pandas have plantigrade feet. This means their entire foot (toes and heel) touches the ground when walking, which is similar to the way humans, other bears, and rodents walk. Other animals, such as dogs, cats, and horses walk with their weight on their toes.
Pandas have sometimes been seen rolling down slopes. While they may be playing, they may also be trying to dislodge twigs from their fur.
Pandas rely less on visual memory than they do on spatial memory to locate a mate’s home range area and preferred patches of bamboo. Spatial memory is defined as the ability to remember a loca
The ancestor of the giant panda is the Ailurarctos (\"cat bear\"), which is an extinct genus of the Chinese panda that lived 8 million years ago. The skull of another ancestor, Ailuropoda microta, shows that it was half the size of a modern-day giant panda. Research shows that for the past 3 million years, giant pandas have evolved as a separate linage from other bears.
The Chinese call giant pandas daxiongmao or \"large bear cat.\" Pandas have also been known as \"beast of prey,\" \"white leopard,\" \"iron eating beast,\" and \"bamboo bear.\"
The Chinese once hunted giant pandas because they believed that its pelt provided magical protection against evil spirits
The eyespots of a giant panda cub are initially in the shape of a circle. As the cub grows, the circles become shaped like a teardrop.
The gestation period for giant pandas varies from 97-163 days. This wide range is due to delayed implantation, which means that after a giant panda becomes pregnant, the cub starts to grow only if the mother panda is able to get enough food. Once the cub starts to develop, it takes about 45-60 days before it is born.
The giant panda has been on the endangered species list since 1990. The most significant threats to pandas are habitat loss and poaching. China is only approximately 5% greater than the U.S. in area but has four times the population.
The giant panda's black and white coloring reflects the harmony embodied in yin and yang symbol
The panda spends 14-16 hours a day eating bamboo.
The red panda and the giant panda share the same habitat and diet, and both animals are also endangered. However, scientific tests show that the red panda is in the raccoon family while the giant panda is in the bear family. Some scientists believe that the giant panda is so special that it should belong to its own family group.
The word “panda” may have developed from the Nepalese word poonya, which means \"bamboo-eating animal\" or \"plant-eating animal.\"
There are 300 species of bamboo in China. There are about 25 different kinds in the mountains where the pandas live. Pandas especially like to eat umbrella, arrow, and golden bamboo.
There are about 15 giant pandas in zoos outside of China. Chinese zoos display another 90 captive animals.
There are only about 240 captive pandas in the world. They are all part of a breeding program.
There is only one species of pandas (Ailuropoda melanoleuca or “black-and-white cat foot”). Wild pandas live only in small pockets of land in southwestern China.
Under its fur, the skin of a giant panda is black where its fur is black, and pink where its fur is white.
Young pandas stay with the mothers for as long as three years, which means that a wild panda may raise only three or four cubs in a lifetime.A giant panda can peel and eat a bamboo shoot in about 40 seconds.
A giant panda has one of the highest bite forces of any carnivore
A giant panda usually gives birth to a single cub. Sometimes twins are born, but when this happens, the mother typically ignores the weaker cub. She does not have enough energy to care for two cubs.
A giant panda’s face is cute, but it is not chubby. It gets its shape from massive cheek muscles. In fact, a giant panda’s jaw and cheek muscles are so powerful that a panda can easily chew an aluminum dish into tiny pieces. They can also easily bite through a thick bamboo stalk. Humans have trouble cutting the same stalk with an ax.
A panda fur is worth between $60,000 and $100,000 on the illegal trade market.
A panda’s throat has a special lining to protect it from bamboo splinters.
After Richard Nixon visited China in 1972, he received two pandas from the Chinese leader, Chairman Mao. The two pandas, Ling-Ling and Hsing-Hsing, were placed in the National Zoo in Washington D.C. More than 1 million people visited them during their first year there. Nixon was the first U.S. president to ever visit China.
Although 99% of their diet is bamboo, a panda’s digestive system is designed for meat. In fact, pandas absorb only 20%-30 % of bamboo nutrients. Other plant eaters such as deer absorb around 80%. This means the panda has to eat most of the time it is awake to get enough nutrients to survive.
Although a giant panda’s fur looks silky and soft, it is quite thick and wiry. The hair of an adult giant panda can grow up to 4 inches (10 cm) long.
An adult giant panda weighs about 200-300 pounds (90-135 kg).
Bamboo reaches its flowering cycle every 30-120 years. After bamboo flowers, the entire species of bamboo dies in a process called bamboo dieback. It can take migration has become increasingly difficult.
Bamboo reaches its flowering cycle every 30-120 years. After bamboo flowers, the entire species of bamboo dies in a process called bamboo dieback. It can take up to 10-15 years for the bamboo to grow back. Pandas have usually been able to migrate to other areas, but they have lost so much of thier habitant to humans that migration has become increasingly difficult.
Fashion designer and socialite Ruth Harkness (1900-1947), without training or experience, became the first Westerner to capture and present a live giant panda to the world outside China.
From 1974-1989, half of the panda’s habitat in China’s Sichuan areas was destroyed by human activity.
Giant pandas are on the brink of extinction, with just over 1,000 pandas left in the world. Scientists are hoping to increase the wild panda population to 5,000 by 2025.
Giant pandas do not hibernate
Giant pandas first appeared on Earth 2-3 million years ago
Giant pandas have 42 teeth. Like humans, giant pandas have two sets of teeth in their lifetime.
Giant pandas have a very good sense of smell. Even at night, they can find the best bamboo stalks by scent.
Giant pandas have been driven out of the lowland areas where they used to live and now are found only in the Chinese provinces of Sichuan, Gansu, and Shaanxi. The forests in these provinces are very damp and rainy. In one year, a forest may receive up to 50 inches of rain and snow.
Giant pandas have been the symbol of the international conservation organization WWF, or the World Wide Fund for Nature, since it was founded in 1961.
Giant pandas have evolved a unique “thumb” which they use to hold bamboo stalks. This thumb is actually a modified wrist bone.
Giant pandas still have the digestive tract of a carnivore, which means bamboo is a highly inefficient energy source
In China, giant pandas are considered to be national treasures
It has been illegal to kill pandas in China since the 1960s, but the laws were not enforced strictly. In 1987, the laws were strengthened to increase punishment from two years to a life sentence or even death. Today the punishment is less severe: 10-20 years in prison.
It is very rare to see more than one panda at a time in the wild. Giant pandas cannot afford the energy it would take to compete with one another for food, territory, and mates.
It takes about five years for a female cub to become an adult and up to seven years for a male cub
It takes about five years for a female cub to become an adult and up to seven years for a male cub.
It was not until the 20th century that giant pandas became known to the rest of the world outside of China. The first live giant Panda to leave China in 1936 was named Su-Lin (“a little bit of something very cute”). He arrived at the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago.
Many Chinese philosophers believe that the universe is made from two opposing forces, the Yin and Yang. The panda is one symbol of this philosophy with its contrasting black-and-white fur. The Chinese believe that the gentle nature of the panda demonstrates how the Yin and Yang bring peace and harmony when they are balanced.
Much of the food that a giant panda eats is not digested. An adult giant panda in the spring can produce about 62 pounds of droppings in 24 hours.
On all fours, a giant panda stands about 3 feet (.9 m) tall at the shoulder and measures about 5 feet (1.5 m) long. Males are about 10% larger than females.
On average, a panda eats 25-30 pounds of bamboo in one day. In the spring, a panda may eat 100 pounds in a day.
Pandas are pigeon-toed; in other words, they walk with their front paws turned inward.
Pandas do not run fast—a slow trot is as fast as they can go. The fastest bear is the black bear, which can run 35 miles per hour. That’s about as a fast as a horse or deer.
Pandas have plantigrade feet. This means their entire foot (toes and heel) touches the ground when walking, which is similar to the way humans, other bears, and rodents walk. Other animals, such as dogs, cats, and horses walk with their weight on their toes.
Pandas have sometimes been seen rolling down slopes. While they may be playing, they may also be trying to dislodge twigs from their fur.
Pandas rely less on visual memory than they do on spatial memory to locate a mate’s home range area and preferred patches of bamboo. Spatial memory is defined as the ability to remember a loca
The ancestor of the giant panda is the Ailurarctos (\"cat bear\"), which is an extinct genus of the Chinese panda that lived 8 million years ago. The skull of another ancestor, Ailuropoda microta, shows that it was half the size of a modern-day giant panda. Research shows that for the past 3 million years, giant pandas have evolved as a separate linage from other bears.
The Chinese call giant pandas daxiongmao or \"large bear cat.\" Pandas have also been known as \"beast of prey,\" \"white leopard,\" \"iron eating beast,\" and \"bamboo bear.\"
The Chinese once hunted giant pandas because they believed that its pelt provided magical protection against evil spirits
The eyespots of a giant panda cub are initially in the shape of a circle. As the cub grows, the circles become shaped like a teardrop.
The gestation period for giant pandas varies from 97-163 days. This wide range is due to delayed implantation, which means that after a giant panda becomes pregnant, the cub starts to grow only if the mother panda is able to get enough food. Once the cub starts to develop, it takes about 45-60 days before it is born.
The giant panda has been on the endangered species list since 1990. The most significant threats to pandas are habitat loss and poaching. China is only approximately 5% greater than the U.S. in area but has four times the population.
The giant panda's black and white coloring reflects the harmony embodied in yin and yang symbol
The panda spends 14-16 hours a day eating bamboo.
The red panda and the giant panda share the same habitat and diet, and both animals are also endangered. However, scientific tests show that the red panda is in the raccoon family while the giant panda is in the bear family. Some scientists believe that the giant panda is so special that it should belong to its own family group.
The word “panda” may have developed from the Nepalese word poonya, which means \"bamboo-eating animal\" or \"plant-eating animal.\"
There are 300 species of bamboo in China. There are about 25 different kinds in the mountains where the pandas live. Pandas especially like to eat umbrella, arrow, and golden bamboo.
There are about 15 giant pandas in zoos outside of China. Chinese zoos display another 90 captive animals.
There are only about 240 captive pandas in the world. They are all part of a breeding program.
There is only one species of pandas (Ailuropoda melanoleuca or “black-and-white cat foot”). Wild pandas live only in small pockets of land in southwestern China.
Under its fur, the skin of a giant panda is black where its fur is black, and pink where its fur is white.
Young pandas stay with the mothers for as long as three years, which means that a wild panda may raise only three or four cubs in a lifetime.It is possible to identify the gender of the giraffe from the horns on its head. Both males and females have horns but the females are smaller and covered with hair at the top. Male giraffes may have up to 3 additional horns.
The distinctive spots that cover a giraffes fur act as a good camouflage to protect the giraffe from predators. When the giraffe stands in front of trees and bushes the light and dark colouring of its fur blends in with the shadows and sunlight.
A giraffe's habitat is usually found in African savannas, grasslands or open woodlands.
A male giraffe can weigh as much as a pick up truck! Thats about 1400 kilograms.
Drinking is one of the most dangerous times for a giraffe. While it is getting a drink it cannot keep a look out for predators and is vulnerable to attack.
The hair that makes up a giraffes tail is about 10 times thicker than the average strand of human hair.
Male giraffes sometimes fight with their necks over female giraffes. This is called “necking”. The two giraffes stand side by side and one giraffe swings his head and neck, hitting his head against the other giraffe. Sometimes one giraffe is hit to the ground during a combat.
A female giraffe gives birth while standing up. The calf drops approximately 6 feet to the ground, but it is not hurt from the fall.
Giraffes are ruminants. This means that they have more than one stomach. In fact, giraffes have four stomachs, the extra stomachs assisting with digesting food.
Although a giraffes neck is 1.5 – 1.8 metres, it contains the same number of vertebrae at a human neck.
Giraffes have bluish-purple tongues which are tough and covered in bristly hair to help them with eating the thorny Acacia trees.Kangaroos can hop around quickly on two legs or walk around slowly on all four.
There are more kangaroos than humans in Australia. They are the national symbol of Australia and appear on postage stamps, coins, and aeroplanes.
On land kangaroos only ever move their hind legs together, however in water they kick each leg independently to swim.
Kangaroos cant walk backwards.
In one leap they can jump 3m high and 7.6m long.
Kangaroos can jump very high, sometimes three times their own height.
There are four different kangaroo species, the red kangaroo, eastern grey kangaroo, western grey kangaroo and antilopine kangaroo.
Young kangaroos (joeys) will sometimes jump head first into their mothers pouch when frightened.
Red Kangaroos are the largest marsupial and can grow up to 2 metres. They can reach a top speed of over 65km/h – out-pacing a top racehorse.
Kangaroos have very powerful legs and can be dangerous at times.
Kangaroos are the only large animal to use hopping as their primary method of locomotion. Hopping is a fast and energy efficient means of travelling which allows them to cover large distances in habitats where there is little food and water available.
Kangaroos are marsupial animals that are found in Australia as well as New Guinea.
There are four species of kangaroo, the Red, Antilopine, Eastern Grey and Western Grey Kangaroo.
Female kangaroos can determine the gender of their offspring. They can even delay gestation when environmental factors are likely to diminish the chance of young surviving.
Like all marsupials, kangaroos are born extremely early; the equivalent of the seventh week of pregnancy for humans. They travel from the birth canal as little more than an embryo by blindly propelling through the mothers fur to the safety of the pouch, where they will spend several months developing before finally leaving to explore the world.
Kangaroos are social animals which stay in groups of at least 3 or 4 individuals. Some groups can comprise of as many as 100 individuals.A baby rabbit is called a kit, a female is called a doe and a male is called a buck.
A mother rabbit feeds her kids for just about five minutes a day.
A rabbit symbol is often used to show that a product was not tested on animals.  This is because rabbits have traditionally been used in product safety testing.
A rabbit's best feature? Their long ears! Growing up to 10 centimetres in length, rabbits can turn their ears by 180 degrees, keeping a careful listen out for predators.
A rabbit's ears serve two main purposes. The first and most obvious is hearing: Rabbits can rotate their ears 270 degrees, allowing them to detect any threats that might be approaching from close to 2 miles away. The oversized ears also have the added benefit of cooling rabbits down on a hot day. More surface area means more places for body heat to escape from.
A rabbit's teeth never stop growing! Instead, they're gradually worn down as the rabbit chews on grasses, wildflowers and vegetables — meaning they never get too long.
A rabbit’s best feature? Their long ears! Growing up to 10 centimetres in length, rabbits can turn their ears by 180 degrees, keeping a careful listen out for predators.
A rabbit’s teeth never stop growing! Instead, they’re gradually worn down as the rabbit chews on grasses, wildflowers and vegetables — meaning they never get too long.
Bunnies can grow up to 4 feet long... But that's not common.
Bunnies can live to be 10 or more years old.
By \"bunnies,\" we mean rabbits, because there's no difference.
Cartoons suggest that rabbits can happily survive on a diet of carrots alone. But in the wild, rabbits don't eat root vegetables—they'd much rather munch on greens like weeds, grasses, and clovers.
Hypnotising a rabbit is actually really traumatic for them. Sometimes called ‘trancing', the action of placing a rabbit on their back and stroking their back legs was thought for a long time to make them happy and relaxed, and recommended to help develop a bond between pet and owner. Sadly, the total opposite is true. When a rabbit is held in this position they go into ‘tonic immobility'. They are trying to convince the predator (in this case the person ‘hypnotising' them) that they are dead, so they will be let go.
If their eyes, ears, and powerful legs don't give them enough of a head start when avoiding predators, rabbits have even more tricks to rely on. The cottontail rabbit moves in a zig-zag pattern when running across an open field, making it hard to target.
In total, a rabbit has only 28 teeth for eating.
It's hard to sneak up on a rabbit: Their vision covers nearly 360 degrees, which allows them to see what's coming from behind them, above them, and from the sides without turning their heads. The trade-off is that rabbits have a small blind spot directly in front of their faces.
Jackrabbits, which belong to the genus \"Lepus,\" have been clocked at speeds of 45 miles per hour.
Like cats, happy rabbits purr when they're content and relaxed.
Like cats, happy rabbits purr when they’re content and relaxed.
Like humans, bunnies get bored easily.
Male rabbits can reproduce as early as 7 months of age, and females as early as 4 months. This means in one year a single female rabbit can produce as many as 800 children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren!
Maybe the weirdest rabbit in the world is the Amami rabbit, found only on two small islands in southern Japan. It's an ancient, primitive rabbit, with small eyes, small ears, short legs, and big claws for climbing. It's sometimes referred to as a \"living fossil\" to account for how long it's remained relatively unchanged.
More than half of the world's rabbit species live in North America.
Not all rabbits are cute and tiny. Some, like the Flemish giant rabbit, grow to be downright monstrous. This rabbit breed is the world's largest, reaching 2.5 feet in length and weighing up to 22 pounds. Fortunately these giants are the gentle kind, which makes them popular pets.
One of the world's best-known rabbits is the Warner Bros cartoon character, Bugs Bunny — who's often seen munching on a carrot! In fact, carrots aren't a natural part of a rabbit's diet and can give bunnies an upset stomach if they eat too many.
One of the world’s best-known rabbits is the Warner Bros cartoon character, Bugs Bunny — who’s often seen munching on a carrot! In fact, carrots aren’t a natural part of a rabbit’s diet and can give bunnies an upset stomach if they eat too many.
One rabbit behavior that is significantly less adorable: After digesting a meal, rabbits will sometimes eat their own poop and process it a second time. It may seem gross, but droppings are actually an essential part of a rabbit's diet. They even produce a special type of poop called cecotropes that are softer than their normal pellets and meant to be eaten. Rabbits have a fast-moving digestive system, and by redigesting waste, they're able to absorb nutrients their bodies missed the first time around.
Pet bunnies may come in domesticated colours and breeds, but their perspective on the world remains ever so close to that of their wild relatives. Because they are a prey species, life is all about survival and they are in a constant state of alert. This explains why many rabbits don't like being picked up and may nip if you try – your hands are not too dissimilar to a bird of prey swooping down to catch them.
Rabbit manure is one of the most efficient natural manures on the planet, and not just because it arrives already in a convenient dry pellet form. It has a fantastically high nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium content, more than cattle or even poultry manure, and much easier to handle to boot.
Rabbits and hares are \"lagomorphs\", an order that also includes the pika, a small burrowing mammal that looks like a large mouse and lives in colder climates.
Rabbits are amazing athletes — they can jump as high as 90 centimetres in one leap!
Rabbits are banned from some ferries. Legend has it that bunnies being transported for food chewed through the hull of a 17th century ship, causing the deaths of many sailors. To this day, you cannot bring your bun with you should you wish to cross the Channel on Brittany Ferries.
Rabbits are meticulously clean animals and are easy to house break and train.  Much like a dog, a pet rabbit can be taught to come to his/her name, sit in your lap, and do simple tricks.
Rabbits are remarkably hygienic. Like cats, they keep themselves clean throughout the day by licking their fur and paws. This means rabbits generally don't need to be bathed by their owners like some other pets.
Rabbits are very effective baby-makers! Mother rabbits are pregnant for between 28-31 days, giving birth to up to 14 baby rabbits – called kittens – in a single litter. There are over 45 million rabbits in the UK alone!
Rabbits are very social creatures that live in groups. They live in warrens — a series of tunnels and rooms that they dig underground.
Rabbits can be literally \"scared to death\" if approached by a predator when they are totally unaware.
Rabbits can suffer from heat stroke; however they only sweat through the pads on their feet. Always make sure you monitor your rabbit's environmental temperatures, especially in the warmer months of summer.
Rabbits communicate using a secret code. Well, it's not actually a secret code, but you could be forgiven for thinking it is because their body movements are so subtle. Bunnies clench their facial muscles and change their body position when they are feeling worried; signs you wouldn't notice if you weren't looking out for them. This is one of the main reasons why they're so often misunderstood, particularly by children.
Rabbits fall into the category of lagomorphs and not rodents.
Rabbits have almost 360 degree vision but they are born with their eyes shut.
Rabbits have some pretty good adaptations to avoid being eaten, like their speed and big powerful clawed hind legs, but they're an important prey species for lots of predators. In other words, rabbits get eaten a lot, and as one measure of protection, they sleep with their eyes open. Sudden movements can alert and awaken the rabbit.
Rabbits perform an athletic leap, known as a ‘binky‘, when they're happy — performing twists and kicks in mid air!
Rabbits perform an athletic leap, known as a ‘binky‘, when they’re happy — performing twists and kicks in mid air!
Rabbits' eyes are on the sides of their head, meaning they can see almost all the way around them. This helps them to keep a close watch for predators while they're going about their business!
Rabbits’ eyes are on the sides of their head, meaning they can see almost all the way around them. This helps them to keep a close watch for predators while they’re going about their business!
Shelters take in more bunnies than any other type of animal, other than dogs and cats.
Some of the markings on the moon, resulting from various craters and other indentations, can appear in the vague shape of a rabbit, if you squint your eyes pretty hard. That's led to the rabbit's association with the moon in various folk tales, especially in Mesoamerica and China.
Stories abound about the prolific reproductive nature of rabbits and so it is not surprising that the rabbit should have become a symbol of fertility in many cultures and religions.  As the Christian influence spread, this symbol became associated with Easter.
The average size of a rabbit litter is usually between 4 and 12 babies, which results after a short 30-day gestation.
The Maltese consume more rabbit per person than the residents of any other country. The country's national dish, stuffat tal-fenek, is a sort of red wine and tomato stew using rabbit.
The meat of a rabbit is not red, but white.
There are currently 45 known breeds of rabbits.
When rabbits grab their ears and bring them down across their faces to give them a wash, you are officially watching one of the cutest animal behaviours in existence.
While a cat can cough up a hairball after a long day of self-grooming, a rabbit cannot. The rabbit digestive system is physically incapable of moving in reverse. Instead of producing hairballs, rabbits deal with swallowed fur by eating plenty of roughage that pushes it through their digestive tract.
Young rabbits that don't have enough space to run about are more likely to break bones, according to studies. This is because they don't get the right opportunities to build up their bodies properly.More than one in three U.S. families owns a dog.
One female dog and her female children could produce 4,372 puppies in seven years.
All dogs can be traced back 40 million years ago to a weasel-like animal called the Miacis which dwelled in trees and dens. The Miacis later evolved into the Tomarctus, a direct forbear of the genus Canis, which includes the wolf and jackal as well as the dog.
Pitter patter. A large breed dog’s resting heart beats between 60 and 100 times per minute, and a small dog breed’s heart beats between 100-140. Comparatively, a resting human heart beats 60-100 times per minute.
One survey reports that 33% of dog owners admit they talk to their dogs on the phone or leave messages on answering machines while they are away..
Most experts believe humans domesticated dogs before donkeys, horses, sheep, goats, cattle, cats, or chickens.
Dogs DO have better low-light vision than humans because of a special light-reflecting layer behind their retinas.
Teams of dogs compete for the fastest time without errors in Flyball races.
A person standing still 300 yards away is almost invisible to a dog. But a dog can easily identify its owner standing a mile away if the owner is waving his arms.
It is not possible to know how many puppies a dog will have just by looking. The appearance can be very deceptive.
Dachshunds were originally bred for fighting badgers.
Dachshunds were bred to fight badgers in their dens.
The world's oldest breed, the Saluki, originated in Egypt around 329 B.C.
Boxers are so named because of their manner of playing using their front paws.
Male dogs will raise their legs while urinating to aim higher on a tree or lamppost because they want to leave a message that they are tall and intimidating. Some wild dogs in Africa try to run up tree trunks while they are urinating to appear to be very large.
Dogs can use their sense of smell to gauge our emotions, they can smell fear, anxiety, even sadness. This is because they can smell hormones such as adrenaline.
Obesity is the #1 health problem among dogs.
This pup, Nesbit, earned over one million Delta airline miles in his life and had his own frequent flier card.
A dog’s sense of smell is more than 100,000 times stronger than that of a human.
It costs approximately $10,000 to train a federally certified search and rescue dog.
Thirty percent of all Dalmatians are deaf in one or both ears. Because bulldogs have extremely short muzzles, many spend their lives fighting suffocation. Because Chihuahuas have such small skulls, the flow of spinal fluid can be restricted, causing hydrocephalus, a swelling of the brain.
Puppies are born deaf and cannot hear until they are about 21 days old. The young are born small, blind and helpless and require a long period of parental care.
There is a dog-shaped building in New Zealand.
Analysis of the dog genome demonstrate only 4 major types of dogs: \"Old Lineage Dogs,\" \"Mastiff-type Dogs,\" \"Herding Dogs,\" and \"Modern Hunting Dogs.\"
One kind of Pekingese is referred to as a \"sleeve\" because it was bred to fit into a Chinese empress’ sleeves, which was how it was often carried around.
One of the most famous Labrador Retrievers was \"Endal,\" an assistance dog recognized as the most decorated dog in the world.
Tired puppies get cranky just like little kids. If you have a fussy puppy, try nap time.
Dogs belong to a biological family called the Canidae, a member of this family is called a canid. This is the origin of the adjective \"canine\" which means \"of or like a dog, relating to or characteristic of dogs\".
The dog was frequently depicted in Greek art, including Cerberus, the three-headed hound guarding the entrance to the underworld, and the hunting dogs which accompanied the virgin goddess of the chase, Diana.
Dogs cannot distinguish between red and green as these colors would appear as shades of grey to a dog.
The phrase \"raining cats and dogs\" originated in 17th century England when it is believed that many cats and dogs drowned during heavy periods of rain.
Just like human fingerprints, no two dogs' nose prints are alike.
Some dogs can tell if a human is about to have an epileptic fit.
Humans can detect sounds at 20,000 times per second, while dogs can sense frequencies of 30,000 times per second.
Dogs can learn more than 1000 words.
Different smells in the a dog’s urine can tell other dogs whether the dog leaving the message is female or male, old or young, sick or healthy, happy or angry.Rin Tin Tin was the first Hollywood dog star and he really signed his movie contracts – all 22 of them – with a paw-print.
The earliest European images of dogs are found in cave paintings dating back 12,000 years ago in Spain.
Alexander the Great is said to have founded and named a city Peritas, in memory of his dog.
Why are dogs’ noses so wet? Dogs’ noses secrete a thin layer of mucous that helps them absorb scent. They then lick their noses to sample the scent through their mouth.
Apple and pear seeds contain arsenic, which may be deadly to dogs.
Rock star Ozzy Osborne saved his wife Sharon’s Pomeranian from a coyote by tackling and wresting the coyote until it released the dog.
The most intelligent dogs are reportedly the Border Collie and the Poodle, while the least intelligent dogs are the Afghan Hound and the Basenji.
Greyhounds appear to be the most ancient dog breed. \"Greyhound\" comes from a mistake in translating the early German name Greishund, which means \"old (or ancient) dog,\" not from the color gray.
Dogs are naturally submissive to any creature with a higher pack status.
In 1969, Lassie was the first animal inducted into the Animal Hall of Fame.
Scholars have argued over the metaphysical interpretation of Dorothy’s pooch, Toto, in the Wizard of Oz. One theory postulates that Toto represents Anubis, the dog-headed Egyptian god of death, because Toto consistently keeps Dorothy from safely returning home.
Dogs curl up to keep themselves warm and protect vital organs.
The longer a dog’s nose, the more effective it’s internal cooling system.
Dogs have twice as many muscles to move their ears as people.
Fifteen people die in the U.S. every year from dog bites.
The Border Collie, Poodle and Golden Retriever are considered the world's smartest dog breeds.
The average dog can run about 19 mph. Greyhounds are the fastest dogs on Earth and can run at speeds of 45 mph.
Puppies are sometimes rejected by their mother if they are born by cesarean and cleaned up before being given back to her.
The Akita is one of the most challenging dogs to own. Some insurance companies have even characterized it as the #1 \"bad dog\" and may even raise an Akita owner’s homeowner insurance costs.
It is a myth that dogs are color blind. They can actually see in color, just not as vividly as humans. It is akin to our vision at dusk.
A dog's sense of smell is 10,000 times stronger than a human's.
Bingo is the name of the dog on the box of Cracker Jacks.
Dogs are mentioned in the Bible more than 35 times.
The current world record for a Flyball race is 14.413 seconds, set by the team \"Touch N Go\" of Las Vegas.
The world’s smallest dog breed is the Chihuahua.
Endal was the first dog to ride on the London Eye (the characteristic ferris wheel in London, England), and was also the first known dog to successfully use a ATM machine.
A dog most likely interprets a smiling person as baring their teeth, which is an act of aggression.
A Beatles hit. It’s rumored that, at the end of the Beatles song, \"A Day in the Life,\" Paul McCartney recorded an ultrasonic whistle, audible only to dogs, just for his Shetland sheepdog.
Puppies grow to half their body weight in the first four to five months!
The Labrador is so popular, in 2006 there were approximately 3-5 times more Labs as there were German Shepherds or Golden Retrievers.
Puppies have 28 teeth and adult dogs have 42.
Some dogs can smell dead bodies under water, where termites are hiding, and natural gas buried under 40 feet of dirt. They can even detect cancer that is too small to be detected by a doctor and can find lung cancer by sniffing a person’s breath.
Dogs are natural pack animals.
Is it a duck... or a dog? The Newfoundland breed has a water resistant coat and webbed feet. This dog was originally bred to help haul nets for fishermen and rescuing people at risk of drowning.
Basset Hounds cannot swim.
There are about 400 million dogs in the world.
Baks the blind boxer has a seeing eye goose named Buttons. Buttons the four-year-old goose leads her pup around everywhere either by hanging onto him with her neck, or by honking to tell him which way to go.
One of Shakespeare’s most mischievous characters is Crab, the dog belonging to Launce in the Two Gentlemen of Verona. The word \"watchdog\" is first found in The Tempest.
Some stray Russian dogs have figured out how to use the subway system in order to travel to more populated areas in search of food.
In 2002 alone, more people in the U.S. were killed by dogs than by sharks in the past 100 years.
Over half of dog owners include their dogs in annual holiday photos.
Dogs have three eyelids, including one to keep their eyes moist and protected.
It’s not so black and white. It’s a myth that dogs only see in black and white. In fact, it’s believed that dogs see primarily in blue, greenish-yellow, yellow and various shades of gray.
Dogs see in colors of various shades of blue and yellow.
The Chihuahua was named for the state in northwestern Mexico where they were discovered.
Chocolate is poisonous to dogs because it contains theobromine.
In Egypt, a person bitten by a rabid dog was encouraged to eat the roasted liver of a dog infected with rabies to avoid contracting the disease. The tooth of a dog infected with rabies would also be put in a band tied to the arm of the person bitten. The menstrual blood of a female dog was used for hair removal, while dog genitals were used for preventing the whitening of hair.
Franklin Roosevelt spent $15,000 for a destroyer to pick up his Scottie in the Aleutian Islands.
A dog’s pregnancy lasts for approximately 60 days.
Dog trainers in ancient China were held in high esteem. A great deal of dog domestication also took place in China, especially dwarfing and miniaturization.
Gidget is the name of the Taco Bell dog.
A puppy is born blind, deaf, and toothless.
Dogs can see best at dawn and dusk.
Dogs with little human contact in the first three months typically don’t make good pets.
The average number of puppies in a litter is four to six.
Dog’s definitely don’t see like hawks. They have very poor eyesight, but can distinguish movement 10-20 times better than humans.
More than 1 in 3 American families own a dog.
The origin of amputating a dog’s tail may go back to the Roman writer Lucius Columella’s (A.D. 4-70) assertion that tail docking prevented rabies.
Dogs are capable of understanding up to 250 words and gestures, can count up to five and can perform simple mathematical calculations. The average dog is as intelligent as a two-year-old child.
Seeing spots? Or not...  Dalmatian puppies are pure white when they are born and develop their spots as they grow older.
President Calvin Coolidge owned at least a dozen dogs.
Dogs are naturally submissive to any creature with higher pack status, human or canine.
The U.S. has the highest dog population in the world.
Bloodhounds are prized for their ability to single out and identify a number of scents simultaneously.
The wetness of a dog's nose is essential for determining what direction a smell is coming from.
Dogs have been used since the 1700’s for therapy.
Chow Chows are born with pink tongues, which turn blue-black at 8 to 10 weeks.
Dogs are direct descendants of wolves.
Chihuahuas are born with soft spots in their skulls, just like human babies.
There are only 350 Cisky Terriers in the world, possibly making it the rarest breed.
Walt Disney's family dog -- named Sunnee -- was the inspiration behind \"Lady and the Tramp.\"
In Old England, the word \"hound\" was used to refer to all types of dogs.
A dog can both sniff and breathe at the same time.
In Iran, it is against the law to own a dog as a pet. However, if an owner can prove the dog is a guard or hunting dog, this restriction doesn’t apply. Muslim reticence concerning dogs is perhaps due to the fact that rabies has always been endemic in the Middle East.
The U.S. has the highest dog population in the world. France has the second highest.
The ancient Mbaya Indians of the Gran Chaco in South America believed that humans originally lived underground until dogs dug them up.
Davy Crockett had a dog named Sport.
Dogs can count up to five and can perform simple mathematical calculations.
Move over Rover! 45% of dogs sleep in their owner’s bed (we’re pretty sure a large percentage also hog the blankets!)
The Berger Picard, Miniature American Shepherd and Lagotto Romagnolo are the newest dog breeds recognized by the American Kennel Club in 2015.
Dogs can discriminate the emotional expressions of human faces.
A dog could detect a teaspoon of sugar if you added it to an Olympic-sized swimming pool full of water.
Search and Rescue dog training begin as games played while puppies.
The Golden Retriever, one of the most popular dog breeds, was first bred in Scotland in the mid 1800s.
An African wolf dog known as the Basenji is the only dog in the world that cannot bark.
Most dogs have 18 or more muscles to tilt, rotate, and move their ears.
The world’s smartest dogs are thought to be (1) the Border Collie, (2) the Poodle, and (3) the Golden Retriever and the dumbest dog is believed to be the Afghan Hound.
Like human babies, Chihuahuas are born with a soft spot in their skull which closes with age.
The Labrador Retriever is the most popular breed, according to the American Kennel Club.
In 2003, Dr. Roger Mugford invented the \"wagometer,\" a device that claims to interpret a dog’s exact mood by measuring the wag of its tail.
Dogs’ only sweat glands are between their paw pads.
More than 5,000,000 puppies are born in the U.S. every year.
Dogs can be trained to detect cancer and other diseases in humans.
Eighty-seven percent of dog owners say their dog curls up beside them or at their feet while they watch T.V.
Chocolate contains a substance known as theobromine (similar to caffeine) which can kill dogs or, at the very least, make them violently ill.
Some studies believe that dogs started to be domesticated 33,000 years ago.
The average city dog lives 3 years longer than a country dog.
A Russian dog named Laika was the first animal in space, traveling around Earth in 1957.
With love and a little patience, dogs can learn to walk backwards, salute and bow.
In Croatia, scientists discovered that lampposts were falling down because a chemical in the urine of male dogs was rotting the metal.
Weird dog laws include allowing police offers in Palding, Ohio, to bite a dog to quiet it. In Ventura County, California, cats and dogs are not allowed to have sex without a permit.
The are 4 constellations named after dogs.
Obesity is the top health problem among dogs.
The Basenji is the world’s only barkless dog.
Even with their poor eyesight, dogs can still see better at night than humans do.
Eighteen muscles or more can move a dog’s ear.
The bible mentions dogs 14 times.
When dogs copulate, it is very normal for them to get stuck together and it may last for up to 45 minutes.
In Australia, a man who was arrested for drug possession argued his civil rights were violated when the drug-sniffing dog nuzzled his crotch. While the judge dismissed the charges, they were later reinstated when a prosecutor pointed out that in the animal kingdom, crotch nuzzling was a friendly gesture.
The French Bulldog is incapable of reproducing naturally.
No, it’s not just to make themselves look adorable. Dogs curl up in a ball when they sleep due to an age-old instinct to keep themselves warm and protect their abdomen and vital organs from predators.
Toto in The Wizard of Oz was played by a female Cairn Terrier named Terry.
Corgi is Welsh for \"dwarf dog\".
Only dogs and humans have prostates.
When Lord Byron was informed that his dog was not allowed to come with him to Cambridge Trinity College, he retaliated by bringing a bear instead.
U.S. Customs dogs \"Rocky\" and \"Barco\" were so good at patrolling the border that Mexican drug lords put a $300,000 bounty on their heads.
A dog’s heart beats up to 120 times per minute, or 50% faster than the average human heartbeat of 80 times per minute.
France has the 2nd highest dog population.
A one year old dog is as physically mature as a 15 year old human.
Dogs engage in rapid-eye-movement when they sleep, and have dreams just like humans do.
Your pup reaches his full size between 12 and 24 months.
Wow, check out those choppers! Puppies have 28 teeth and normal adult dogs have 42.
Dogs do not have an appendix. Why haven’t humans gotten rid of theirs yet?
Many foot disorders in dogs are caused by long toenails.
The shape of a dog’s face suggests how long it will live. Dogs with sharp, pointed faces that look more like wolves typically live longer. Dogs with very flat faces, such as bulldogs, often have shorter lives.
Dogs were first domesticated by cavemen.
The name of the dog on the Cracker Jacks box is Bingo. The Taco Bell Chihuahua is a rescued dog named Gidget.
Dalmatians are completely white at birth.
The best age to bring a puppy home is 8 to 12 weeks.
Hyenas aren't actually dogs. They are more closely related to cats.
Rin Tin Tin was the first Hollywood dog star and he really signed his movie contracts – all 22 of them – with a paw-print.
Dogs are about as smart as a two- or three-year-old child. This means they can understand about 150-200 words, including signals and hand movements with the same meaning as words.
The largest dog was an English Mastiff who weighed 343 pounds.
The Chihuahua was named after the state in Mexico where they were discovered.
Thomas Jefferson helped enact a dog tax in Virginia, because he was annoyed that dogs were killing his sheep.
Female dogs can get pregnant when their bodies undergo changes which make them receptive to male dogs. This is called being on heat or in estrus.
The breed of dog with the best sense of smell is the bloodhound.
Dogs evolved from an extinct wolf-like creature in Eurasia 40,000 years ago.
Stray dogs in Moscow have learned to ride the subway to find food.
One of Michael Vick's former fighting dogs, Leo, went on to be a therapy dog who comforted dying children.
Three of the 12 dogs on the Titanic survived.
Perky-eared dogs hear sounds better than floppy-eared dogs.
Tiger Woods stuttered as a child and used to talk to his dog until he fell asleep in an effort to get rid of it.
Dogs have sweat glands in between their paws.
The most popular breed of domestic dog in the US and the UK is the Labrador Retriever.
Revolutionary War soldiers sometimes brought their dogs with them into battle. Such was the case with George Washington and his dog, Sweetlips.
There are almost 5 million dog bites per year; children are the main victims. Dog bites cause losses of over $1 billion a year.
Many foot disorders in dogs are simply an issue of too-long toenails.
One unspayed female dog, her mate and their puppies can produce 67,000 puppies in six years.
Dogs normally have between one to sixteen or even more puppies.
When \"Bobbie,\" a Collie/Shepherd mix, was accidentally abandoned on a family vacation, he traveled 2,551 miles over six months to return to his home.
Dogs don't enjoy being hugged as much as humans and other primates. Canines interpret putting a limb over another animal as a sign of dominance.
Spiked dog collars were invented in ancient Greece and were originally designed to protect dogs throats from wolf attacks.
Petting a dog can lower your blood pressure.
Female dogs are only ready to mate–\"in heat\"–twice a year for a total of roughly 20 days.
Seeing eye dogs pee and poo on command so that their owners can clean up after them. (The command is usually \"Get busy!\" and pups will pace back and forth until they do their business.) Male dogs are also trained to do their business without lifting their leg.
Dogs can see in color, though they most likely see colors similar to a color-blind human. They can see better when the light is low.
Dogs often bury bones so that they can dig them up at some moment in the future when they are hungry.
Dogs have lived with humans for over 14,000 years. Cats have lived with people for only 7,000 years.
The Labrador Retriever is the #1 favorite breed in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K.
Pit bulls have been given a bad rap. BADRAP was started in the San Francisco Bay area on behalf of \"pit bulls and their people\" and was ranked nationally as a No. 1 high-impact nonprofit for animal welfare.
The best dog to reportedly attract a date is the Golden Retriever. The worst is the Pit Bull.
A dog's sense of smell is reduced by up to 40 percent when he's overheated and panting.
Upright, stiff, rapid tail movement is not wagging or \"friendly\" but indicates a dog who's rather excited and focused.
This dog, Naki'o, lost all of his legs to frostbite in Colorado, but now has four prosthetic legs and can run around like normal.
Police dogs can smell human bodies even when they are buried up to 3 meters in the ground.
It’s been demonstrated that dogs can reduce both physical and emotional anxiety.
When dogs have been doing a lot of exercise, they pant. It is not because they are out of breath like a human would be. Dogs have developed the method of losing heat by panting because sweating would not be very efficient due to all the fur.
Male dogs have a bone in their penis.
The St. Bernard is the heaviest dog breed.
Although it was once illegal to keep dogs as pets in Iceland's capital city, the laws have been relaxed.
It’s not a fever... A dog’s normal temperature is between 101 and 102.5 degrees Fahrenheit. How much do you know about dog health? Take our Doggy First Aid Quiz!
A dog’s powerful sense of smell is frequently called upon to detect anything from mines and explosives to termites and bed bugs.
Petting dogs is proven to lower blood pressure of dog owners.
Within hours of the September 11, 2001, attack on the World Trade Center, specially trained dogs were on the scene, including German Shepherds, Labs, and even a few little Dachshunds.
Female wolves have been known to travel great distances to regurgitate full meals for their hungry pups.
A German Shepherd guide dog led her blind companion the entire 2,100 mile Appalachian Trail.
Service dogs are recognized in the U.S. as \"necessary medical equipment.\"
The breed Lundehune has 6 toes and can close its ears.
More than half of all U.S. presidents have owned dogs.
Dogs sometimes appear to smile -- much like humans -- with open mouth grinning. This may indicate a relaxed, submissive state.
Dogs like to chew bones but cooked bones and bones that can splinter such as cooked chicken bones should not be given to dogs.
Dogs who have been spayed or neutered live longer than intact dogs.
Yummy! Dogs have about 1,700 taste buds. Humans have approximately 9,000 and cats have around 473.
Is something wet? Unlike humans who sweat everywhere, dogs only sweat through the pads of their feet.
Growing up. While the Chow Chow dogs are well known for their distinctive blue-black tongues, they’re actually born with pink tongues. They turn blue-black at 8-10 weeks of age.
During the Renaissance, detailed portraits of the dog as a symbol of fidelity and loyalty appeared in mythological, allegorical, and religious art throughout Europe, including works by Leonardo da Vinci, Diego Velázquez, Jan van Eyck, and Albrecht Durer.
A dog’s vision is not fully developed until after the first month.
A Border Collie named Chaser has learned the names of 1,022 toys, and can retrieve each by name.
Dogs like sweets a lot more than cats do. While cats have around only 473 taste buds, dogs have about 1,700 taste buds. Humans have approximately 9,000.
The famous nickname, \"man’s best friend,\" is used in many other languages as well as English.
After the fall of Rome, human survival often became more important than breeding and training dogs. Legends of werewolves emerged during this time as abandoned dogs traveling in packs commonly roamed streets and terrified villagers.
Dogs with a flesh colored nose is said to have a \"Dudley Nose.\"
Dogs with big, square heads and large ears (like the Saint Bernard) are the best at hearing subsonic sounds.
Some Search and Rescue (SaR) Dogs are trained to sniff out humans 1/4 mile away or more.
Dogs have three eyelids. The third lid, called a nictitating membrane or \"haw,\" keeps the eye lubricated and protected.
The oldest dog on record – a Queensland Heeler named Bluey – was 29 years, 5 months old.
Therapy dogs, who bring healing to individuals and families by visiting hospitals schools or retirement homes, differ from service dogs, who assist individuals who have disabilities.
Mastiffs wore armor and were sent after mounted knights in Roman times.
No night vision goggles needed! Dogs’ eyes contain a special membrane, called the tapetum lucidum, which allows them to see in the dark.
In 1860's San Francisco, two stray dogs who were best friends became local celebrities. Their exploits were celebrated in local papers and they were granted immunity from the city's dog catchers.
The Alaskan Malamute can withstand temperatures as low as 70 degrees below zero.
The Mayans and Aztecs symbolized every tenth day with the dog, and those born under this sign were believed to have outstanding leadership skills.
The average dog is as intelligent as a two-year-old child.
Irish Wolfhounds, the tallest breed, are 30 to 35 inches tall.
Most dogs are capable of understanding up to 250 words and gestures.
The average dog lives 10 to 14 years.
Dogs have twice as many muscles to move their ears as humans, if you're looking for unusual facts about dogs!
Dalmatian puppies are born completely white.
Rin Tin Tin was the first Hollywood dog star.
The most popular dog breed in Canada, U.S., and Great Britain is the Labrador retriever.
In 1957, Laika became the first living being in space via an earth satellite and JFK’s terrier, Charlie, fathered 4 puppies with Laika’s daughter.
The heaviest breed, the Mastiff, weighs about 200 pounds.
The Saint Bernard gains its name from the \"Great St. Bernard Hospice;\" the monastery where Barry and other mountain dogs was raised by monks to rescue victims from the snowy Alps.
Two Labradors, Lucky and Flo, were the first dogs known for sniffing out pirated DVDs.
The American Water Spaniel was the first hunting breed developed to retrieve from boats.
New puppies have heat sensors in their noses to help find their moms while their eyes and ears are closed.
A dog can locate the source of a sound in 1/600 of a second and can hear sounds four times farther away than a human can.
Cerberus was the tri-headed dog that guarded the underworld in Greek mythology.
An elderly woman was saved by her 12-pound Yorkshire Terrier, who fought off an 80- pound Akita, and survived with only 9 stitches.
Paul McCartney of the Beatles recorded a high pitched whistle at the end of \"A Day in the Life\" for his dog.
The most popular male dog names are Max and Jake. The most popular female dog names are Maggie and Molly.
n ancient China, an emperor's last line of defense was a small Pekingese dog literally hidden up his sleeve.
Dogs’ sense of hearing is more than ten times more acute than a human’s.
Dogs have no sense of time.
There are hundreds of breeds of dogs.
President Franklin Roosevelt created a minor international incident when he claimed he sent a destroyer to the Aleutian Islands just to pick up his Scottish Terrier, Fala, who had been left behind.
The first dogs were self-domesticated wolves which, at least 12,000 years ago, became attracted to the first sites of permanent human habitation.
Dogs sweat through the pads of their feet.
Dogs aren't colorblind but their eyes don't have receptors for red. They see in shades of black and white and also in shades of blue and yellow.
Dogs sleep for an average of 10 hours per day.
Pregnancy can be prevented by spaying the female dog, this involves removing both the ovaries and the uterus.
Dogs live an average of 15 years.
The smallest dog on record was a matchbox-size Yorkshire Terrier. It was 2.5\" tall at the shoulder, 3.5\" from nose tip to tail, and weighed only 4 ounces.
Pekingese and Japanese Chins were so important in the ancient Far East that they had their own servants and were carried around trade routes as gifts for kings and emperors. Pekingese were even worshipped in the temples of China for centuries.
The term \"dog days of summer\" was coined by the ancient Greeks and Romans to describe the hottest days of summer that coincided with the rising of the Dog Star, Sirius.
The Beatles song \"A day in the Life\" has an extra high-pitched whistle, audible only to dogs. It was recorded by Paul McCartney for the enjoyment of his Shetland sheepdog.
Seventy percent of people sign their pet’s name on greeting and holiday cards.
An estimated 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. have been named as the primary beneficiaries in their owner’s will.
A bloodhound named Tigger holds the record for the longest ears, each measuring more than 13 inches.
Why do they do that? When dogs kick after going to the bathroom, they are using the scent glands on their paws to further mark their territory.
Dog noses are also very cute and easy to boop.
Dogs judge objects first by their movement, then by their brightness, and lastly by their shape.
Three dogs survived the sinking of the Titanic: a Newfoundland, a Pomeranian, and a Pekingese.
Dogs are all direct descendants of wolves.
About one-third of a dog’s brain is dedicated to smell.
All breeds of dog have been found to attack livestock, from 3-month-old puppies to 13-year-old poodles.
The Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts both offer merit badges in dog care.
The ancient Chinese carried Pekingese puppies in the sleeves of their robes.
If never spayed or neutered, a female dog, her mate, and their puppies could produce over 66,000 dogs in 6 years!
A person should never kick a dog facing him or her. Some dogs can bite 10 times before a human can respond.
Dog’s don’t see in black-and-white, they have 2 color receptors, and can see yellow and blue.
During the Middle Ages, mixed breeds of peasants’ dogs were required to wear blocks around their necks to keep them from breeding with noble hunting dogs. Purebred dogs were very expensive and hunting became the province of the rich.
At about 6 inches, the Chihuahua is the shortest breed.
If you want a dog to see things in a green background the best color is blue.
Plato once said that \"a dog has the soul of a philosopher.\"
Humans generally see better than dogs, but dogs see much better when there is low-light.
Dogs have a wet nose to collect more of the tiny droplets of smelling chemicals in the air.
In Roman times, mastiffs donned light armor and were sent after mounted knights.
Here’s looking at you. Dogs have three eyelids, an upper lid, a lower lid and the third lid, called a nictitating membrane or \"haw,\" which helps keep the eye moist and protected.
In 2001, it was estimated that there are approximately 400 million dogs in the world.
Different smells in the a dog’s urine can tell other dogs whether the dog leaving the message is female or male, old or young, sick or healthy, happy or angry.
The border collie or sheep dog is often considered to be the most intelligent breed of dog some of them have been trained to recognize the words for up to 1,000 objects and retrieved them by verbal command.
The phrase \"raining cats and dogs\" originated in seventeenth-century England. During heavy rainstorms, many homeless animals would drown and float down the streets, giving the appearance that it had actually rained cats and dogs.
George Washington had 36 dogs–all Foxhounds–with one named Sweetlips.
Teddy Roosevelt’s dog, Pete, ripped a French ambassador’s pants off at the White House.
President Lyndon Johnson's beagles were named Him and Her.
In early Christian tradition, Saint Christopher, the patron saint of travelers, is sometimes depicted with a dog’s head.
The Basenji is the only barkless dog.
Average body temperature for a dog is 101.2 degrees.
Dogs don’t go into menopause and will continue to go on heat indefinitely unless they are spayed.
There are 703 breeds of purebred dogs.
When dogs were evolving, bone marrow could sometimes form an important part of their diet.
The Beagle and Collie are the nosiest dogs, while the Akbash Dog and the Basenji are the quietest.
The Beagle came into prominence in the 1300s and 1400s during the days of King Henry VII of England. Elizabeth I was fond of Pocket Beagles, which were only 9\" high.
The grief suffered after a pet dog dies can be the same as that experienced after the death of a person.
Smaller breeds mature faster than larger breeds.
Those born under the sign of the dog in Chinese astrology are considered to be loyal and discreet, though slightly temperamental.
Hollywood’s first and arguably best canine superstar was Rin Tin Tin, a five-day-old German Shepherd found wounded in battle in WWI France and adopted by an American soldier, Lee Duncan. He would sign his own contracts with his paw print.
The most dogs ever owned by one person were 5,000 Mastiffs owned by Kublai Khan.
Did you hear that? Sound frequency is measured in Hertz (Hz). The higher the Hertz, the higher-pitched the sound. Dogs hear best at 8,000 Hz, while humans hear best at around 2,000 Hz.
Most dogs go in heat every 6 months and estrus lasts between 7 and 18 days.
Zorba, an English mastiff, is the biggest dog ever recorded. He weighed 343 pounds and measured 8’ 3\" from his nose to his tail.
The oldest known breed is likely the Saluki, originally trained by Egyptians to help them track game.
The American Kennel Club, the most influential dog club in the United States, was founded in 1884.
During the Middle Ages, Great Danes and Mastiffs were sometimes suited with armor and spiked collars to enter a battle or to defend supply caravans.
Spiked dog collars were used to protect dogs' throats from wolf attacks in ancient Greece.
Big happy \"helicopter\" tail wagging is one sign of a really nice dog
A dog's whiskers are used as sensing devices.
National Geographic's Dr. Brady Barr measured a dog's average bite force at 320 pounds of pressure per square inch.
Americans love dogs! 44% of U.S. households have a dog, which equates to 55.3 million homes
Puppies then take a year or more to gain the other half of their body weight.
Bloodhound dogs have a keen sense of smell and have been used since the Middle Ages to track criminals.
As Disney's Cruella De Vil was aware, Dalmatian puppies are born pure white and develop spots as they grow older.
Female dogs carry puppies for about nine weeks before birth.
Dogs who bark the most: Miniature Schnauzers, Cairn Terriers, Yorkshire Terriers, Fox Terriers and West Highland White Terriers.
Max, Jake, Maggie and Molly are the most popular dog names.
Express yourself. Dogs’ ears are extremely expressive. It’s no wonder! There are more than a dozen separate muscles that control a dog’s ear movements.
Humans have kept dogs as pets for over 12,000 years.
The Norwegian Lundehund is the only dog with six toes on each foot.
Countess Karlotta Libenstein of Germany left approximately $106 million to her Alsatin, Gunther III, when she died in 1992.
Dogs need a strong sense of smell because their eyesight is not as keen as a human’s.
The Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts both offer merit badges in dog care.
Dogs have a ligament in the neck which allows them to conserve energy while running long distances following scent trails with their nose to the ground. Many other species have a similar ligament and it is called a Paddywhack.
Dogs do not have an appendix.
Dogs can be trained to detect epileptic seizures in humans.
It pays to be a lap dog. Three dogs (from First Class cabins!) survived the sinking of the Titanic – two Pomeranians and one Pekingese.
At the end of the Beatles’ song \"A Day in the Life,\" a high-pitched dog whistle was recorded by Paul McCartney for his sheepdog.
The normal body temperature of a dog is 100.94 degrees Fahrenheit (38.3 Celsius) to 102.56 F (39.2 C) whereas human normal body temperature 98.6 F (37 C).
Small quantities of grapes and raisins can cause renal failure in dogs. Chocolate, macadamia nuts, cooked onions, or anything with caffeine can also be harmful.
The smallest known adult dog was a Yorkshire Terrier that was only 2.5 inches at the shoulder, and weighed only 4 ounces.
The first dog chapel was established in 2001. It was built in St. Johnsbury, Vermont, by Stephan Huneck, a children’s book author whose five dogs helped him recuperate from a serious illness.
Dogs can get jealous when their humans display affection toward someone or something else.
The oldest dog on record was an Australian cattle dog named Bluey who lived 29 years and 5 months. In human years, that is more than 160 years old.
Chase that tail! Dogs chase their tails for a variety of reasons: curiosity, exercise, anxiety, predatory instinct or, they might have fleas! If your dog is chasing his tail excessively, talk with your vet.
Dogs can be taught to count and solve simple math problems.
Service dogs are trained to know when they are on duty. When their harness is on, they know it's business time. When you take it off, the pups immediately become playful and energetic.
Dogs are pack animals -- they don't enjoy being alone.
Dogs can be trained to detect cancer in humans.
About 12 percent of the air that a dog breathes goes into a special area in the back of the nose that is dedicated to smelling.
President Theodore Roosevelt's Bull Terrier Pete ripped the pants off French Ambassador Jules Jusserand.
Smaller breeds of dogs mature faster than larger breeds.
Wolves and dogs can mate to produce fertile offspring.
French poodles did not originate in France but in Germany (\"poodle\") comes from the German pudel or pudelhund, meaning \"splashing dog\". Some scholars speculate the poodle’s puffs of hair evolved when hunters shaved the poodle for more efficient swimming, while leaving the pom-poms around the major joints to keep them warm.
If your dog’s acting funny, get out the umbrella! According to a Petside.com/Associated Press poll, 72% of dog owners believe their dog can detect when stormy weather is on the way.
Stroking dogs and gazing into their eyes releases the \"feel good\" hormone oxytocin for both people and dogs.
The process of birthing puppies is called \"whelping.\"
Pugs and other dogs with short muzzles have a peculiar head-type known as \"Brachycephalic.\"
The largest breed of dog is the Irish Wolfhound.
The World Canine Organization recognizes 339 breeds of dogs.
Fifty-eight percent of people put pets in family and holiday portraits.
The Russians trained dogs during WWII to run suicide missions with mines strapped to their backs.
Dogs in a pack are more likely to chase and hunt than a single dog on its own. Two dogs are enough to form a pack.
A dog's average body temperature is 101.2 degrees.
Dogs’ nose prints are as unique as a human’s finger prints, and can be used to accurately identify them.
Flyball, a dog sport consisting of relays, hurdles, and ball retrieving, was developed in the late 60s, and the first tournament was held in 1983.
Dogs can smell about 1,000 times better than humans. While humans have 5 million smell-detecting cells, dogs have more than 220 million. The part of the brain that interprets smell is also four times larger in dogs than in humans.
Puppies’ eyes do not fully open until they’re about 12 days old.
President Lyndon Johnson had two beagles named Him and Her.
Unlike cats, dogs are not exclusively carnivores: they can adapt to different foods, and a percentage of their diets can be fruits and vegetables.
At the age of 4 weeks, most dogs have developed the majority of their vocalizations.
A dog’s shoulder blades are unattached to the rest of the skeleton to allow greater flexibility for running.
Dogs do dream! Dogs and humans have the same type of slow wave sleep (SWS) and rapid eye movement (REM) and during this REM stage dogs can dream. The twitching and paw movements that occur during their sleep are signs that your pet is dreaming
A couple presidential dogs were Golden Retrievers: \"Liberty,\" the presidential dog of Gerald Ford, and \"Victory,\" Ronald Reagan’s dog.
Newfoundlands are great swimmers because of their webbed feet.
In ancient China, people kept warm by putting dogs up their sleeves.
Two stray dogs in Afghanistan saved 50 American soliders. A Facebook group raised $21,000 to bring the dogs back to the US and reunite them with the soldiers.
While not the best when it comes to sight, dogs have a keen sense of hearing, and can hear sounds at 4 times the distance of humans.
Laika, a Russian stray, was the first living mammal to orbit the Earth, in the Soviet Sputnik spacecraft in 1957. Though she died in space, her daughter Pushnika had four puppies with President John F. Kennedy’s terrier, Charlie.
Dog nose prints are as unique as human finger prints and can be used to identify them.
The earliest dog fossil dates back to nearly 10,000 B.C.
Although dogs have some sweat glands in their feet, their principal way of losing heat when they are too hot is by panting.
A lost Dachshund was found swallowed whole in the stomach of a giant catfish in Berlin on July 2003.
'Frito Feet' is the name of the phenomenon in which the bacteria on a dog's paws cause them to smell like corn chips. Because a pup's feet are in constant contact with the ground, they pick up tons of microorganisms in their paws. When dogs cool off by sweating through the pads of their feet, the combo of moisture and bacteria releaces a nutty, popcorn-like aroma. Basically it's dog B.O.
It is much easier for dogs to learn spoken commands if they are given in conjunction with hand signals or gestures.
Dogs know from which nostril a smell has entered.
The fastest breed, the Greyhound, can run up to 44 miles per hour.
Puppies sleep 90% of the day for their first few weeks.
A dog’s mouth exerts 150–200 pounds of pressure per square inch with some dogs exerting up to 450 pounds per square inch.
A dog’s heart beats up to 120 times per minute, or 50% faster than the average human heartbeat of 80 times per minute
Most vets recommend that female dogs don’t get pregnant until the third estrus.
Hound dogs and long-nosed dogs also have a unique name for their head-type: \"Dolichocephalic.\"
The names of 77 ancient Egyptian dogs have been recorded. The names refer to color and character, such as Blackie, Ebony, Good Herdsman, Reliable, and Brave One.
All dogs are identical in anatomy, with 321 bones and 42 permanent teeth.
Dogs have a very good sense of smell. The part of a dog’s brain that analyses smell is 40 times larger than a human’s and they can smell 1,000 to 10,000 times better than us.
Conservationists have used dogs to find bumblebee hives in order to protect endangered species.
Male dogs know the female is in heat due to a smell emitted from the female dog.
There are nearly 14,000 animal shelters and rescue groups across North America.
According to a study shared by Cornell University, dogs were domesticated between 9,000 and 34,000 years ago.
There are an estimated 400 million dogs in the world.
Puppies are blind, deaf and toothless when born.
Highly trainable dog breeds like Golden Retrievers, Labrador Retrievers, German Shepherds and Collies are more kid-friendly than some other breeds.
The oldest known dog bones were found in Asia and date as far back as 10,000 B.C. The first identifiable dog breed appeared about 9000 B.C. and was probably a type of Greyhound dog used for hunting.
Dachshunds were originally bred to fight badgers.
In addition to \"formal\" forms of dog training (operant conditioning, reinforcement, or classical conditioning) dogs are able to learn merely from observation.
Watch that plate of cookies! A Dog’s sense of smell is 10,000 – 100,000 times more acute as that of humans.
A Great Dane named \"Just Nuisance\" is the only dog to have officially enlisted in the Royal Navy.
Bingo is the name of the dog on the side of the Cracker Jack box.
Greyhounds are the fastest dogs on earth, with speeds of up to 45 miles per hour.
Bichons, Portuguese Water Dogs, Kerry Blue Terriers, Maltese and Poodles are all good choices if you have allergies since they shed less than other breeds.
At the end of WWI, the German government trained the first guide dogs for war-blinded soldiers.
An American Animal Hospital Association poll found that 33% of dog owners admit to talking to their dogs on the phone and leaving answering machine messages for them while away.
Ancient Egyptians revered their dogs. When a pet dog would die, the owners shaved off their eyebrows, smeared mud in their hair, and mourned aloud for days.
A German Shepherd named Orient accompanied her blind owner Bill Irwin as he became the first blind person to through-hike the 2,100-mile Appalachian Trail in 1990.
Every dog on earth likely descended from a species knows as the Tomarctus – a creature that roamed the earth over 15 million years ago.
Puppies can sleep 18 to 20 hours a day during that rapid body growth phase.
Greyhounds can reach a speed of up to 45 miles per hour.
In general, smaller breeds live longer than larger breeds.
Puppies love games such as hide and seek! Hide, then call your pup's name so she can try to find you.
The Labrador Retriever has been the most popular dog breed since 1991.
Dogs are omnivores -- they eat meat, grains and vegetables.
In ancient Greece, kennels of dogs were kept at the sanctuary of Asclepius at Epidaurus. Dogs were frequently sacrificed there because they were plentiful, inexpensive, and easy to control. During the July 25 celebration of the kunophontis (\"the massacre of dogs\"), dog sacrifices were performed to appease the ancestors of Apollo’s son, Linos, who was devoured by dogs..
Touch is the first sense the dog develops. The entire body, including the paws, is covered with touch-sensitive nerve endings.