Act like you do not understand your own language until your next turn (come up with your own language)
After you’ve dropped a piece of food, what’s the longest time you’ve left it on the floor before eating it?
Are you scared of dying? Why?
Be honest: Do you have a favorite child?
Belly dance to a country song
Boxers or briefs?
Call a drug store and ask them which laxative is the most effective. After they answer, ask how many they have.
Call the pizza place and order 300 sardine pizzas
Call Walmart and ask if they do makeovers for prom.
Describe the weirdest thing you’ve ever done while inebriated.
Do an impression of someone until another player can guess who you are
Do you believe in any superstitions? If so, which ones?
Do you have a favourite friend?
Do you have a favourite sibling?
Do you have a hidden talent?
Do you have any fetishes?
Do you still have feelings for any of your exes?
Do you want to have kids? How many?
Do your best burlesque routine for 1 minute.
Dump a bunch of LEGOs on the floor and walk over them with your bare feet.
Eat a clove of garlic.
Eat a raw egg.
For the next 5 minutes, only respond to people by saying “you know that’s right”.
For the next 15 minutes, everything you say must be spoken in baby talk.
Give a back rub the person to your right
Give everyone in the room a hug.
Go as long as you can without blinking
Go for a short walk outside and while walking, hold a conversation with yourself.
Go grab a broom and do your best tango
Go next door with a measuring cup and ask for a cup of sugar.
Go on Facebook Live and read the back of a shampoo bottle.
Go outside and take a selfie with a stranger.
Go outside to the trash bin and throw a tantrum because someone put trash in it.
Go outside, and while skipping down the street, sing “Let it Go’ from Frozen.
Go up to someone random and ask for a hug
Hand your phone to the person across from you and let them post whatever they want to your social media accounts.
Hang your socks from your ears until the end of the game.
Have you ever accidentally hit something (or someone!) with your car?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn't have?
Have you ever been cheated on by a boyfriend/girlfriend?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
Have you ever been nude in public?
Have you ever broken the law?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
Have you ever cheated on a boyfriend/girlfriend?
Have you ever cheated on a partner?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
Have you ever climbed a tree?
Have you ever considered cheating on a partner?
Have you ever faked sick to get out of a party?
Have you ever farted and blamed it on someone else?
Have you ever ghosted a friend?
Have you ever ghosted a partner?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?
Have you ever had a crush on a coworker?
Have you ever had a crush on anyone here?
Have you ever had a run in with the law?
Have you ever lied about your age?
Have you ever lied for a friend?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad date?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
Have you ever lied to your boss?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
Have you ever peed in the swimming pool?
Have you ever picked your nose in public?
Have you ever regifted a present?
Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush or partner’s attention?
Have you ever said something you regret about someone in this room?
Have you ever sang and danced in the grocery store?
Have you ever seen a dead body?
Have you ever stayed friends with someone because it benefitted you beyond just the friendship?
Have you ever stolen anything?
Have you ever stolen something from work?
Have you ever told a lie during a game of Truth or Dare? What was it and why?
Have you ever used a fake ID?
How do you really feel about the Twilight saga?
How long have you gone without showering?
How many different best friends have you had during your lifetime?
How many gossip blogs do you read a day?
How many pairs of granny panties do you own?
How many people have you kissed?
How many photo editing apps do you have on your phone?
How many selfies do you take a day?
How many stuffed animals do you own?
How many times a week do you wear the same pants?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for?
If I went through your cabinets, what’s the weirdest thing I’d find?
If you could be a fictional character for a day, who would you choose?
If you could be a superhero, what would your power be?
If you could be born again, who would you come back as?
If you could be invisible, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could become invisible, what’s the worst thing you’d do?
If you could date two people at once, would you do it? If so, who?
If you could go on a date with anyone in the room, who would it be?
If you could invent anything, what would it be?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
If you could swap lives with someone in this room, who would it be?
If you could switch places with someone for a day, who would it be?
If you could write anyone on Earth in for President of the United States, who would it be and why?
If you couldn't go to the college or get the job of your dreams, what would you do?
If you had to cut one friend out of your life, who would it be?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
If you had to get back with an ex, who would you choose?
If you had to pick someone in this room to be your partner on a game show, who would it be and why?
If you knew the world was about to end, what would you do?
If you life were made into a movie, who would play you?
If you met a genie, what would your three wishes be?
If you switched genders for a day, what would you do?
If you were guaranteed to never get caught, who on Earth would you murder?
If you were stuck on a deserted island, which friend would you want with you?
If you weren't here, what would you be doing?
Imitate a monkey AND a donkey at the same time
Let another player draw something on your face.
Let another player spank you with a fly swatter.
Let another player throw flour in your face.
Let the other players give you a makeover, using condiments as makeup.
Lick a dollar bill.
Lick mayonnaise off of someone’s toe.
Make a sandwich while blindfolded.
Make up a song and sing it.
Meatloaf says he’d do anything for love, but he won’t do “that.” What’s your “that?”
Name a time you think you were a bad partner
Name one thing you’d change about every person in this room.
Name someone you’ve pretended to like but actually couldn’t stand.
Only speak using song lyrics.
Read the last thing you sent your best friend or significant other out loud.
Reveal all the details of your first kiss.
Say “ya heard meh” after everything you say for the next 5 minutes
Sing a song chosen by the group while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Sing “Twinkle Twinkle, Little Star” while beat boxing
Sit on your hands for the remainder of the game.
Skip backwards in a circle while saying a tongue twister.
Sniff the armpit of the person next to you, and describe what it smells like to the entire group.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Stand up and do your best impersonation of your mom.
Stick a Hot Cheeto in your nose and leave it there for 5 minutes.
Tell us about the worst date you've ever been on?
Tickle the next person you see who is not playing the game.
Try to put your foot behind your head.
Until the next round, talk super loud, like nobody can listen you.
Wear your clothes backward for the duration of the game.
What animal do you think you most look like?
What app do you waste the most time on?
What are the top three things you look for in a boyfriend/girlfriend?
What are your favorite and least favorite of your body parts?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What bridges are you glad that you burned?
What celebrity do you think is overrated?
What color is your underwear?
What do you think is your biggest physical flaw?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
What excuse have you used before to get out plans with a friend?
What five things would you bring to a desert island?
What happened on the latest night out you've ever had?
What happened on worst day of your life?
What have you purchased that's been the biggest waste of money?
What is a secret you kept from your parents?
What is an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
What is one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
What is one thing you would stand in line for an hour for?
What is one thing you've never told anyone else?
What is the biggest lie you ever told your parents?
What is the craziest pickup line you've ever used?
What is the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What is the most food you've ever eaten in a single sitting?
What is the weirdest trend you've ever participated in?
What is the youngest age partner you’d date?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your biggest insecurity?
What is your biggest regret?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What is your special talent?
What is your worst habit?
What kind of pajamas do you wear to bed?
What kind of person do you want to marry someday?
What person do you text the most?
What personality traits would cause you to end a friendship?
What was the greatest day of your life?
What was the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done on a date?
What was your favorite childhood show?
What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
What would you do if your current boyfriend/girlfriend ended things right now?
What would you do with a million dollars if you ever won the lottery?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
What's one silly thing you can't live without?
What's one thing you hate people knowing about you?
What's one thing you wish people knew about you?
What's one thing you wish you'd lied about?
What's something you're glad your mum doesn't know about you?
What's the best date you've been on?
What's the best intimate experience you've ever had?
What's the best meal you've ever had?
What's the best piece of advice you've been given?
What's the best thing anyone's ever done for you?
What's the biggest misconception about you?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done on a dare?
What's the longest time you've ever gone without showering?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
What's the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
What's the most drunk you've ever been?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in a taxi?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's the most embarrassing top-played song on your phone?
What's the most trouble you've been in?
What's the most you've spent on a night out?
What's the silliest reason you've left a club early?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
What's the strangest dream you've had?
What's the strangest rumour you've heard about yourself?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
What's the worst date you've been on?
What's the worst intimate experience you've ever had?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever experienced?
What's the worst thing anyone's ever done to you?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What's the worst thing you've ever said to anyone?
What's you favorite Disney movie and why?
What's your biggest fantasy?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your biggest insecurity?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
What's your biggest regret?
What's your biggest turn on?
What's your favorite part of your body?
What's your guilty pleasure?
What's your scariest nightmare?
What's your worst habit?
What’s been your most physically painful experience?
What’s one job you could never do?
What’s one movie you’re embarrassed to admit you enjoy?
What’s one thing in your life you wish you could change?
What’s one thing you’d do if you knew there no consequences?
What’s one useless skill you’d love to learn anyway?
What’s something that overwhelms you?
What’s the cheapest gift you’ve ever gotten for someone else?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done in front of a mirror?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on public transportation?
What’s the last lie you told?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without brushing your teeth?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without showering?
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said about someone else?
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone else?
What’s the most childish thing you still do?
What’s the most embarrassing text in your phone right now?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
What’s the most scandalous photo in your cloud?
What’s the smallest tip you’ve ever left at a restaurant?
What’s the weirdest place you’ve ever grown hair?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done on a plane?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?
What’s your biggest pet peeve about the person to your left?
What’s your biggest regret in life?
What’s your most absurd dealbreaker?
What’s your most bizarre nickname?
What’s your most embarrassing grooming habit?
What’s your most embarrassing late night purchase?
What’s your number?
When did you last have sex outside?
When was the last time you cried?
When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
When’s the last time you apologized? What for?
When’s the last time you dumped someone?
When’s the last time you got dumped?
Where are you ticklish?
Where do most of your embarrassing odors come from?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever gone to the bathroom?
Where's the weirdest place you've had sex?
Which of your family members annoys you the most and why?
Which player knows you the best?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and which would be the first to go?
Who are you most jealous of?
Who is the last person you creeped on social media?
Who is your celebrity crush?
Who is your secret crush?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
Who was your first crush, or who is your current crush?
Who was your worst kiss ever?
Who would you hate to see naked?
Who would you like to kiss in this room?
Who’s the oldest person you’ve dated?
Why did your last relationship break down?
Would you break up with your partner for 1 million USD?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
Would you date your high school crush today?
Would you ever cheat off a friends paper?
Would you go behind a friend's back with a crush?
You notice that the person sitting on your right has something on their face, spit on your finger and wipe it off for them.